
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.489552                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1489552419500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1489552419500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 414264                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   605199                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1234136890                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 830092                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1206.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           52920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        34724232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           34777152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        52920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         52920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     14111264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14111264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4340529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4347144                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1763908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1763908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              35527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           23311856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              23347384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         35527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            35527                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         9473493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9473493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         9473493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             35527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          23311856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32820876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4347144                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1763908                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4347144                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1763908                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              277765568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  451648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71500544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                34777152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14111264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7057                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                646693                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2547331                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            275120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            269233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            286462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            265706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            264770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            269865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            276622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            269220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            254511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            253434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           265748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           279927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           273403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           268271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           275563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           292232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             70821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             68276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             65826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             65868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             68893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             68181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            67982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            69695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            81582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1489549907500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               4347144                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1763908                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4323698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   11151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    5238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  32652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  36085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2326946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    150.096327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.278186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   205.100821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1552101     66.70%     66.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       456761     19.63%     86.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       112755      4.85%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        44492      1.91%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35043      1.51%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18468      0.79%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        26057      1.12%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        14581      0.63%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        66688      2.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2326946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.250424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     40.359824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    895.626122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        65498     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::204800-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.054084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.025879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.978858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            29419     44.91%     44.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             3416      5.21%     50.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            32387     49.44%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              286      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  51057788000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            132434419250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                21700435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11764.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30514.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       186.48                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        48.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     23.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2694219                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  436117                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 62.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                39.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     243746.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    57.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               8773311960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4787025375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             16980576600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3541864320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          97290070800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         590846583780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         375442812750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1097662245585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            736.909213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 620703898000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   49739300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  819106649000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               8818399800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4811626875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             16872094200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3697565760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          97290070800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         585868424940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         379809610500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1097167792875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            736.577272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 627932517500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   49739300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  811876998750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37843290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37843290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2243222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             33071034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                33057643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.959508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  726482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2979104839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2979104839                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 33784125                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      2243222                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16981273                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.998034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           279004093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16981401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             16.429981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          58177500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.998034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         312966895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        312966895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    212129277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       212129277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     63027839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       63027839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      3846977                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      3846977                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     275157116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        275157116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    275157116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       275157116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     13801118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13801118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2611628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2611628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16429130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16429130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 378832566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 378832566000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 118284419500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 118284419500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25510299000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  25510299000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 497116985500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 497116985500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 497116985500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 497116985500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125538                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.125538                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27449.411417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27449.411417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45291.450199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45291.450199                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46191.632369                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46191.632369                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30288.471259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30288.471259                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30258.265989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30258.265989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8470732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8470732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13801118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13801118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2611628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2611628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16429130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16429130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 365031448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 365031448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 115672791500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 115672791500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1244053000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1244053000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24958028000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24958028000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 480704239500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 480704239500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 481948292500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 481948292500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26449.411417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26449.411417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44291.450199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44291.450199                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75930.969238                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75930.969238                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45191.632369                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45191.632369                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29288.471259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29288.471259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29334.985632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29334.985632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              4073                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2769.887932                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687390420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          92391.185484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2769.887932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.676242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.676242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.822021                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687405300                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687405300                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687390420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687390420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687390420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687390420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687390420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687390420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         7440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    514771500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    514771500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    514771500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    514771500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    514771500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    514771500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69189.717742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69189.717742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69189.717742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69189.717742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69189.717742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69189.717742                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         4073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              4073                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    507331500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    507331500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    507331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    507331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    507331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    507331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68189.717742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68189.717742                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68189.717742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68189.717742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68189.717742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68189.717742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4333223                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32641.132946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    26416018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4365978                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.050424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               48968499500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10922.728797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         21.686302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      21696.717848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.333335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.662131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9548                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        23006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999603                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  41504064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 41504064                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8470732                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8470732                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         4073                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             4073                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1485741                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1485741                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                825                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       10900244                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          10900244                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data         254887                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total            254887                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              12385985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 12386810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  825                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             12385985                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                12386810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1125887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1125887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6615                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6615                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2917258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2917258                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          297384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4043145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4049760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4043145                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4049760                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  96155068500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   96155068500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    487509000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    487509000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 231096681500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 231096681500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21453308000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21453308000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     487509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  327251750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     327739259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    487509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 327251750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    327739259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8470732                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8470732                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         4073                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         4073                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2611628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2611628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         7440                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7440                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     13817502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      13817502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        552271                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              7440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16429130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16436570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             7440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16429130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16436570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.431105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.431105                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.889113                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.889113                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.211128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.211128                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.538475                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.538475                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.889113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.246096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.246387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.889113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.246096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.246387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85403.835820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85403.835820                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73697.505669                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73697.505669                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79217.087244                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79217.087244                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72140.088236                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72140.088236                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73697.505669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80939.899509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80928.069565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73697.505669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80939.899509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80928.069565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1763908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1763908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        25102                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         25102                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1125887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1125887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6615                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6615                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2917258                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2917258                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4043145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4049760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4043145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4049760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  84896198500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84896198500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    421359000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    421359000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 201924101500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 201924101500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18479468000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18479468000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    421359000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 286820300000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 287241659000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    421359000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 286820300000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 287241659000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.431105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.889113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.211128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.538475                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538475                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.889113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.246387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.889113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.246387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75403.835820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75403.835820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63697.505669                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63697.505669                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69217.087244                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69217.087244                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62140.088236                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62140.088236                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63697.505669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70939.899509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70928.069565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63697.505669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70939.899509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70928.069565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2923873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1763908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2547331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1423271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1423271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2923873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13005527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     13005527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13005527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     48888416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     48888416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48888416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8658383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8658383    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8658383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10422296500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10339292750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     33974187                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16985346                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          47086                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        47086                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13824942                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10234640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         4073                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        11079856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2611628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2611628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     13817502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       552271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       552271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        18953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50944075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50963028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        92104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    199198896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              199291000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4333223                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         21322064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               21274978     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  47086      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           21322064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21224496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           7440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16705265500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
