
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.154335                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1154335083500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1154335083500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  80694                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   117886                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              186296645                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6196.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        65379648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           65443776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         64128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     34191808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        34191808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1021557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1022559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        534247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             534247                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              55554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           56638362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              56693916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         55554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            55554                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        29620349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             29620349                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        29620349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             55554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          56638362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             86314265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1022559                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     534247                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1022559                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   534247                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               65371008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   72768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                34189504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                65443776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             34191808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1137                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       479283                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             65500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             64807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             63621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             62930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             62327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             63205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             64062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             62926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             60408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             59843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            63789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            65110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            66089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            65588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            65673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            65544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             34363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             33319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             32921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             32246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             31473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             32052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             31941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             32883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             33662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             33658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            34261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            34108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            33713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            34374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            34580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            34657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1154302453500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1022559                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               534247                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1012577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  20036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  21812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  30554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  30742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  30745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  30773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  30763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  30923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  31020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  30718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  30704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  30714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  30696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       834083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    119.365233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.089860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   144.357840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       579640     69.49%     69.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       180031     21.58%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        30445      3.65%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        11186      1.34%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17077      2.05%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2211      0.27%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1660      0.20%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1293      0.16%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10540      1.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       834083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.244006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.677968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    194.207142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        30662     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           30      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         30696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.403277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.376799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.949015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8892     28.97%     28.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1721      5.61%     34.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            18940     61.70%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1102      3.59%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               37      0.12%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         30696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  15804550000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             34956212500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5107110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15473.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34223.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        56.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        29.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     56.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     29.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   461157                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  260393                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                48.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     741455.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3123928080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1704524250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3973148400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1692563040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          75395545680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         295119923355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         433723974750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           814733607555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            705.803332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 719763743250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   38545520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  396025658000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3181739400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1736068125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3993943200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1769124240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          75395545680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         297383984730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         431737956000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           815198361375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            706.205948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 716432325250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   38545520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  399357076000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2308670167                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2308670167                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           8083815                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            15.999983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           287901614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           8083831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             35.614502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle           2862500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    15.999983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1192025611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1192025611                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    219306844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       219306844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     68594770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       68594770                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     287901614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287901614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    287901614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287901614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      6623514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       6623514                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1443933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1443933                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      8067447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        8067447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      8083831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       8083831                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 126921553500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 126921553500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  51955668000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  51955668000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 178877221500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 178877221500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 178877221500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 178877221500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029317                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19162.268473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19162.268473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35982.049029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35982.049029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22172.717280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22172.717280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22127.778463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22127.778463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       144705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1660                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.171687                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4247196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4247196                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6623514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6623514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1443933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1443933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8067447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8067447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      8083831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8083831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 120298039500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120298039500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  50511735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50511735000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1409429858                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1409429858                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 170809774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 170809774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 172219204358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 172219204358                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.029317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.027312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027312                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 18162.268473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18162.268473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34982.049029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34982.049029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 86024.771606                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86024.771606                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21172.717280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21172.717280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21304.156947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21304.156947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           651.503311                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          685340.834497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   651.503311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.636234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.636234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749592443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749592443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77724500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77724500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77724500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77724500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77724500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77724500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77492.023928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77492.023928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77492.023928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77492.023928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77492.023928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77492.023928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76721500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76721500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76721500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76721500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76721500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76721500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76492.023928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76492.023928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76492.023928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76492.023928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76492.023928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76492.023928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1014538                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8178.107831                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    13702124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1022729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     13.397610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3756036000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3162.943803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         12.642363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5002.521665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.386102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.610659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999878                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               66229814118                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              66229814118                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4247196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          4247196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          137                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              137                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1004939                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1004939                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        6057335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6057335                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               7062274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7062275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              7062274                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7062275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           438994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              438994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       582563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          582563                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1021557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1022559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1021557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1022559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  37793899500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   37793899500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75200000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     75200000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  48144722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  48144722000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      75200000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   85938621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      86013821500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75200000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  85938621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     86013821500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4247196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4247196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          137                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          137                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1443933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1443933                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      6639898                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       6639898                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           8083831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              8084834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          8083831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             8084834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.304027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.304027                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999003                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999003                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087737                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.126370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.126479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.126370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.126479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 86092.063901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86092.063901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75049.900200                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75049.900200                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82642.945055                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82642.945055                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75049.900200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84125.135944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84116.243170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75049.900200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84125.135944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84116.243170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               534247                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    534247                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       438994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         438994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       582563                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       582563                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1021557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1022559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1021557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1022559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33403959500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33403959500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65180000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65180000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  42319092000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42319092000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  75723051500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75788231500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  75723051500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75788231500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.304027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.087737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.087737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.126370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.126479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.126370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.126479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76092.063901                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76092.063901                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65049.900200                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65049.900200                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72642.945055                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72642.945055                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65049.900200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74125.135944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74116.243170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65049.900200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74125.135944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74116.243170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             583565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       534247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           479283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            438994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           438994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        583565                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3058648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3058648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3058648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     99635584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     99635584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                99635584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2036089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2036089    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2036089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4180716500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5547588750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     16168786                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      8083952                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1007                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1007                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6640901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4781443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4316910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1443933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1443933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      6639898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24251477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              24253620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    789185728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              789258688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1014538                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9099372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                9098365     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1007      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            9099372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12331726000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1504500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12125746500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
