
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.185479                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2185479377500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2185479377500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 573132                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   837289                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2505136743                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 830096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   872.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          563184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        34606512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           35169696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       563184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        563184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     13927024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        13927024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            70398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4325814                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4396212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1740878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1740878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             257694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           15834747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16092440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        257694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           257694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6372526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6372526                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6372526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            257694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          15834747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             22464966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4396212                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1740878                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4396212                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1740878                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              281212672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  144896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71250432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                35169696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             13927024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   2264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                627574                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2622474                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            274091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            281363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            324343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            267198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            264450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            268587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            285578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            277967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            254094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            252883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           264431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           275081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           272713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           267938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           274550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           288681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             70937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             67949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             69584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             65962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             65619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             65551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             68906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             68357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            68262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            69735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            80433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2185473865500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               4396212                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1740878                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4377559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  29605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  33527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65641                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2379298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    148.137435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.748599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.809439                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1568680     65.93%     65.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       472443     19.86%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       124820      5.25%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        64984      2.73%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        41525      1.75%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18409      0.77%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11020      0.46%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10476      0.44%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        66941      2.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2379298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.655356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     40.807075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    898.583120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        65566     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::212992-221183            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.977324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.948620                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.989092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            31996     48.79%     48.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             3897      5.94%     54.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            28868     44.02%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              801      1.22%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               13      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  51364211250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            133750736250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                21969740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11689.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30439.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       128.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        32.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2699024                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  428914                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 61.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                38.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     356109.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               9034948440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4929783375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             17499900600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3525100560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         142744655040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         703397887740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         694269942000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1575402217755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            720.850825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1150434330000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   72977840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  962063898750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               8952544440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4884820875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             16772893800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3689005680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         142744655040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         688120966620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         707670741750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1572835628205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            719.676445                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1172806902750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   72977840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  939691312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37843290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37843290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2243222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             33071034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                33057643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.959508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  726482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4370958755                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4370958755                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 33784125                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      2243222                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6460472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2045.749693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           289522974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6462520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             44.800322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3807305500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2045.749693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         302448014                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        302448014                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    221159969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       221159969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64315593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64315593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      4047412                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      4047412                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     285475562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        285475562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    285475562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       285475562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      4770426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4770426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1323874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1323874                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       351836                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       351836                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      6094300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6094300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      6110684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6110684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 260781429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 260781429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 101316492000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 101316492000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22856543000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  22856543000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 362097921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 362097921000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 362097921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 362097921000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.020169                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.079976                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.079976                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54666.276974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54666.276974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76530.313308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76530.313308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64963.627940                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64963.627940                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59415.834632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59415.834632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59256.528565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59256.528565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3035331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3035331                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4770426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4770426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1323874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1323874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       351836                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       351836                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6094300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6094300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6110684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6110684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 256011003000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 256011003000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  99992618000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  99992618000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1249388000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249388000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22504707000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22504707000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 356003621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 356003621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 357253009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 357253009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020169                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020169                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.079976                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079976                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.020957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53666.276974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53666.276974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75530.313308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75530.313308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76256.591797                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76256.591797                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63963.627940                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63963.627940                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58415.834632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58415.834632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58463.669370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58463.669370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          68245069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           619152663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          68245197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              9.072472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          77336500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         755643057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        755643057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    619152663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       619152663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     619152663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        619152663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    619152663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       619152663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      68245197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      68245197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 891833365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 891833365000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 891833365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 891833365000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 891833365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 891833365000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13068.075179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13068.075179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13068.075179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13068.075179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13068.075179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13068.075179                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     68245069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          68245069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 823588168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 823588168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 823588168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 823588168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 823588168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 823588168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12068.075179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12068.075179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12068.075179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12068.075179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12068.075179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12068.075179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4443207                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32332.661126                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   143053856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4475427                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     31.964292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              214390250500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8752.899348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        798.029207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      22781.732571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.267117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.024354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.695243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983276                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 155564395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                155564395                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3035331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3035331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         68245069                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             202507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                202507                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        68174799                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           68174799                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1878747                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1878747                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data          55452                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total             55452                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              68174799                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2081254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 70256053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             68174799                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2081254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                70256053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1121367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1121367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         70398                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            70398                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2908063                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2908063                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       296384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          296384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               70398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4029430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4099828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              70398                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4029430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4099828                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  95880483500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   95880483500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5384983000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5384983000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 230353330000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 230353330000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21394707000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21394707000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    5384983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  326233813500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     331618796500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5384983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 326233813500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    331618796500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3035331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3035331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1323874                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1323874                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       68245197                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4786810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4786810                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       351836                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        351836                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           6110684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             74355881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         68245197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          6110684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            74355881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.847035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.847035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001032                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001032                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.607516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.607516                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.842392                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.842392                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.659407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.055138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.659407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.055138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85503.214826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85503.214826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76493.408904                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76493.408904                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79211.946234                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79211.946234                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72185.769137                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72185.769137                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76493.408904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80962.769796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80886.026560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76493.408904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80962.769796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80886.026560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1740878                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1740878                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       208261                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        208261                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1121367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1121367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        70398                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        70398                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2908063                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2908063                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       296384                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       296384                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          70398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4029430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4099828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         70398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4029430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4099828                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  84666813500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84666813500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4681003000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4681003000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 201272700000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 201272700000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18430867000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18430867000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4681003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 285939513500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 290620516500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4681003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 285939513500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 290620516500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.847035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.607516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607516                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.842392                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.842392                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.659407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.055138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.659407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.055138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75503.214826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75503.214826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66493.408904                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66493.408904                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69211.946234                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69211.946234                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62185.769137                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62185.769137                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66493.408904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70962.769796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70886.026560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66493.408904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70962.769796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70886.026560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2978461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1740878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2622474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1417751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1417751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2978461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13155776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     13155776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13155776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49096720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     49096720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49096720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8759564                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8759564    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8759564                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10500445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10465079750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    149413258                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     74705541                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         288116                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       288116                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          73032007                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4776209                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     68245069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         6127470                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1323874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1323874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      68245197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4786810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       351836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       351836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    204735463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19385512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             224120975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1091922128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     73168120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1165090248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4443207                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         79150924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.060223                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               78862808     99.64%     99.64% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 288116      0.36%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           79150924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       110346829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       68245197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6286602000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
