
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.606477                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1606476787500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1606476787500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31474                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55162                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              101124346                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15886.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       405864064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          405907264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     71105792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        71105792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6341626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6342301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1111028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1111028                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              26891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          252642346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             252669237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         26891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            26891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        44261948                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             44261948                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        44261948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             26891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         252642346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            296931185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6342301                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1111028                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6342301                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1111028                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              405560064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  347200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71104064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               405907264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             71105792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   5425                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5214147                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            406907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            396620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            393067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            396762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            388222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            390198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            389813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            386557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            394681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            389373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           390818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           397171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           402332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           405837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           405024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           403494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             71258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             72437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             68260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             67509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             66337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             66330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            69467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            72003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            71394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1606459685500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6342301                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1111028                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6336876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  30390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  31398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65538                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5439480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     87.630459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    72.335562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.726971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4882771     89.77%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       387601      7.13%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        47060      0.87%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21014      0.39%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13991      0.26%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12288      0.23%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        13703      0.25%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7928      0.15%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        53124      0.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5439480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      96.758814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     51.557782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    164.782530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        65384     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          104      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.964696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.933949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.024978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            34106     52.08%     52.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              978      1.49%     53.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            29105     44.44%     98.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1223      1.87%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               66      0.10%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               10      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 142895022500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            261711447500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31684380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22549.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41299.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       252.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        44.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    252.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     44.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1397720                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  610677                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 22.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                54.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     215535.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    26.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              20414237760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11138721000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             24555538800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3595933440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         104927116320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         818492820975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         245908792500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1229033160795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            765.049704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 404267196000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   53643720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1148564016500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              20708231040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11299134000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             24872094000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3603353040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         104927116320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         817287051240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         246966485250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1229663464890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            765.442056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 405759307500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   53643720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1147071905000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3212953575                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981010                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763601                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3212953575                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420256     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285044     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10223913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.299471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           283551768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10225961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.728618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1262398500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.299471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         597781419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        597781419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 626649296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 626649296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18912344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18912344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 645561640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 645561640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 645561640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 645561640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63398.988448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63398.988448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55340.514126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55340.514126                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63129.679450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63129.679450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63129.679450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63129.679450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2708800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2708800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 616765080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 616765080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18570599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18570599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 635335679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 635335679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 635335679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 635335679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62398.988448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62398.988448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54340.514126                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54340.514126                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62129.679450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62129.679450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62129.679450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62129.679450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           617.878570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677317270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1001948.624260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   617.878570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.301699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.301699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.319824                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354636568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354636568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78662.721893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78662.721893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78662.721893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78662.721893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78662.721893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78662.721893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52500000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52500000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77662.721893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77662.721893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77662.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77662.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77662.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77662.721893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6337847                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16330.887114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    13740898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6354229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.162481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                9754807000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2977.244800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.500614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      13350.141700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.181717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.814828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3577                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11482                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999878                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses              167537765414                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses             167537765414                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2708800                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2708800                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             131520                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                131520                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        3752815                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3752815                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3884335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3884336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3884335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3884336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           210225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              210225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6131401                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6131401                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6341626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6342301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6341626                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6342301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16677021000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   16677021000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51472500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     51472500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562534198500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562534198500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      51472500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  579211219500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     579262692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51472500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 579211219500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    579262692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2708800                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2708800                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             10226637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         10225961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            10226637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.615152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.615152                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620322                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.620322                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.620150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.620175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.620150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.620175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79329.389939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79329.389939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76255.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76255.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91746.437478                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91746.437478                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76255.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91334.812160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91333.207301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76255.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91334.812160                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91333.207301                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1111028                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1111028                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        13696                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         13696                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       210225                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         210225                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6131401                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6131401                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6341626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6342301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6341626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6342301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14574771000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14574771000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44722500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44722500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 501220188500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 501220188500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44722500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 515794959500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 515839682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44722500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 515794959500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 515839682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.615152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.620175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.620175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69329.389939                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69329.389939                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66255.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66255.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81746.437478                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81746.437478                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66255.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81334.812160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81333.207301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66255.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81334.812160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81333.207301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6132076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1111028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5214147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            210225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           210225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6132076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19009777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19009777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19009777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    477013056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    477013056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               477013056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12667476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                12667476    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12667476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17118652500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35359783500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     20450571                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10223934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          26368                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        26368                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9884892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3819828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12741931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9884216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30675834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              30677207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    827824704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              827869312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6337847                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16564484                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001592                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16538115     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  26369      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16564484                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12934106500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15338941500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
