
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.301470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1301469761500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1301469761500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 366060                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   534778                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              952832626                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833924                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1365.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           51544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        30100456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           30152000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         51544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     12976240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12976240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          3762557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3769000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1622030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1622030                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              39604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           23128049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              23167653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         39604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            39604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         9970451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9970451                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         9970451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             39604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          23128049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             33138104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3769000                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1622030                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3769000                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1622030                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              241180160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   35840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                82662144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                30152000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12976240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    560                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                330408                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2072763                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            238884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            235821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            234945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            233618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            232295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            234659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            242004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            237000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            229477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            227812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           234908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           239964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           239644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           233942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           236453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           237014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             82285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             80317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             79279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             78665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             78194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             77852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             80161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             80430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             82021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             82667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            82071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            81488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            80815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            81051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            81926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            82374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1301467112500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               3769000                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1622030                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 3752052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  39860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  42780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  75521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  75408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  75385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  75325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  75337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  75377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  75378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  76171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  75961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  77582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  78260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  75369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  75207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  75177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  75177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2057467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    157.398510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.648245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.922886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1381692     67.16%     67.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       374758     18.21%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        97554      4.74%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        46804      2.27%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        32400      1.57%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        14678      0.71%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        16571      0.81%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12425      0.60%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        80585      3.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2057467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        75177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      49.982880                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    910.364528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        75162     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383           11      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::237568-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         75177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        75177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.180733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.146738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.080690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            32265     42.92%     42.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             2837      3.77%     46.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            34569     45.98%     92.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             5251      6.98%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              242      0.32%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               11      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         75177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  41752963000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            112411213000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                18842200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11079.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29829.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       185.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        63.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     23.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2466195                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  536373                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     241413.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    59.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7743466080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4225105500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             14735955000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4128945840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          85005295440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         493657093890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         347845958250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           957341820000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            735.588308                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 575471461750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   43458740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  682536850250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7810984440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4261945875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             14657869200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4240596240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          85005295440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         489854374515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         351181668750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           957012734460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            735.335458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 580971920500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   43458740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  677033500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2602939523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688907                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892952                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840558                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245127                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985459                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946750                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038709                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2602939523                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349070     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946750     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038709      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4864051                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          8170.389275                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           291113269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4872243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             59.749333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4195774500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8170.389275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7319                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1188814291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1188814291                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    222536363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       222536363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64473628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64473628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      4103278                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      4103278                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     287009991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287009991                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    287009991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287009991                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3394042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3394042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1165848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1165848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       295969                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       295969                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4559890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4559890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4576274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4576274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 206007906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 206007906000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  94166163500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  94166163500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22285215000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  22285215000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 300174069500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 300174069500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 300174069500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 300174069500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399247                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399247                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067277                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.067277                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60696.923020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60696.923020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80770.532265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80770.532265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75295.774220                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75295.774220                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65829.234806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65829.234806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65593.552637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65593.552637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2053208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2053208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3394042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3394042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1165848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1165848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295969                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       295969                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4559890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4559890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4576274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4576274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 202613864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 202613864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93000315500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93000315500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1242227000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1242227000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21989246000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21989246000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 295614179500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 295614179500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 296856406500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 296856406500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067277                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59696.923020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59696.923020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79770.532265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79770.532265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75819.519043                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75819.519043                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74295.774220                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74295.774220                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64829.234806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64829.234806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64868.582279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64868.582279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3865.309826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687391418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          106654.991156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3865.309826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.471840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.471840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.727905                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749597897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749597897                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687391418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687391418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687391418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687391418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687391418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687391418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         6445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         6445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         6445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    489803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    489803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    489803500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    489803500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    489803500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    489803500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75997.439876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75997.439876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75997.439876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75997.439876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75997.439876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75997.439876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    483358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    483358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    483358500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    483358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    483358500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74997.439876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74997.439876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74997.439876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74997.439876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74997.439876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74997.439876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   3702769                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65257.095220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4512938                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   3768305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.197604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                8186726000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    19964.033954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         97.935912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45195.125354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.304627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.689623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               39913463338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              39913463338                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2053208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2053208                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          482                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              482                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             104547                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                104547                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1004247                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1004247                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data            892                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total               892                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1108794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1108796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1108794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1108796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1061301                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1061301                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2406179                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2406179                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       295077                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          295077                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             3467480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                3473923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            3467480                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3473923                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  90153800000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   90153800000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    473670000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    473670000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 188195856500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 188195856500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21535926500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21535926500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     473670000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  278349656500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     278823326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    473670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 278349656500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    278823326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2053208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2053208                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          482                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          482                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1165848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1165848                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6445                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           6445                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3410426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3410426                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       295969                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        295969                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              6445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4576274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4582719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             6445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4576274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4582719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.910325                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.910325                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999690                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999690                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.705536                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.705536                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996986                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.996986                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.757708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.758048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.757708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.758048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84946.494915                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84946.494915                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73516.995189                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73516.995189                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78213.572847                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78213.572847                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72984.090593                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72984.090593                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73516.995189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80274.336550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80261.803874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73516.995189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80274.336550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80261.803874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1622030                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1622030                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          161                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           161                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1061301                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1061301                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2406179                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2406179                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295077                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       295077                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        3467480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           3473923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       3467480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          3473923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  79540790000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79540790000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    409240000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409240000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 164134066500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164134066500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18585156500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18585156500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    409240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 243674856500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 244084096500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    409240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 243674856500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 244084096500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.910325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.705536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996986                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996986                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.757708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.758048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.757708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.758048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74946.494915                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74946.494915                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63516.995189                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63516.995189                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68213.572847                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68213.572847                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62984.090593                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62984.090593                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63516.995189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70274.336550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70261.803874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63516.995189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70274.336550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70261.803874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2412622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1622030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2072763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1356378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1356378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2412622                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11232793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     11232793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               11232793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     43128240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     43128240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43128240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7463793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 7463793    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7463793                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9085827000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         8926106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9743221                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4864533                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8137                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8137                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3416871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3675238                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          482                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4891582                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1165848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1165848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          6445                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3410426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       295969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       295969                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14608537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              14621909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     53035856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               53091272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3702769                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8581457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8573320     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8137      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8581457                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5898455500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4724258500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
