
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.055884                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1055883581500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1055883581500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 420975                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   615002                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              889000391                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 828676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1187.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           63680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        39934400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           39998080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        63680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         63680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23998144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23998144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           623975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              624970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        374971                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             374971                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              60310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           37820836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              37881146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         60310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            60310                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        22728021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             22728021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        22728021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             60310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          37820836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             60609167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      624970                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     374971                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    624970                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   374971                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               39941568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   56512                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23996416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                39998080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23998144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    883                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       232659                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             40231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             39219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             38366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             38279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             37918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             38397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             38934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             38729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             38277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             37846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            39092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            39668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            39714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            39602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            40061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            39754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             24269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             23368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             22834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             22758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             23903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             23756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            23833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            23575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            23627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            23958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            24380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            24026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1055850754500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                624970                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               374971                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  615401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  21349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  21646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  21636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  21536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  21482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  21475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  21496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  21510                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  21578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  21642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  21904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  21462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  21453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  21452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  21448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       532643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    120.039096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.809643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.233146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       384233     72.14%     72.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        98615     18.51%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18968      3.56%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7278      1.37%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12884      2.42%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          958      0.18%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          724      0.14%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          661      0.12%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8322      1.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       532643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      29.076837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    211.051702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        21437     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            7      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         21448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.481537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.450296                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.035723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6405     29.86%     29.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              519      2.42%     32.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            12506     58.31%     90.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1845      8.60%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              157      0.73%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               15      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         21448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   9180096250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             20881727500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3120435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14709.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33459.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        37.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        22.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     37.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     22.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   302626                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  163762                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                43.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1055913.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    46.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1982662920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1081810125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2418569400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1191581280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          68964804480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         205808823270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         452992766250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           734441017725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            695.573724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 752391605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   35258080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  268228364250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2044118160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1115342250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2449309200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1238055840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          68964804480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         206044421940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         452786100750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           734642152620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            695.764215                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 752035726500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   35258080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  268584243500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2111767163                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688907                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892952                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840558                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245127                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985459                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946750                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038709                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2111767163                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349070     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946750     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038709      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2347461                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.365023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293636982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2348485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            125.032513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3491862500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1021.365023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          877                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1186290353                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1186290353                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224233643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224233643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69403339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69403339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293636982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293636982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293636982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293636982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1696730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1696730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       635371                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       635371                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2332101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2332101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2348485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2348485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  43508321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43508321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31119796500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31119796500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  74628117500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74628117500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  74628117500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74628117500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25642.454014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25642.454014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48978.937503                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48978.937503                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32000.379701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32000.379701                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31777.131853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31777.131853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       268249                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5186                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    51.725607                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1065759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1065759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1696730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1696730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       635371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       635371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2332101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2332101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2348485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2348485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41811591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41811591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30484425500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30484425500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1333720992                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1333720992                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  72296016500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  72296016500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  73629737492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73629737492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009072                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24642.454014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24642.454014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 47978.937503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47978.937503                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81403.869141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81403.869141                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31000.379701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31000.379701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31352.015232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31352.015232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           646.164496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               996                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          690157.496988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   646.164496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.631020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.631020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.842773                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749592448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749592448                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78996.987952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78996.987952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78996.987952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78996.987952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78996.987952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78996.987952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77685000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77685000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77685000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77996.987952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77996.987952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77996.987952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77996.987952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77996.987952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77996.987952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    608350                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16334.405255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3436928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    624727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.501488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3960217000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6353.238698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         47.070579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       9934.095977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.387771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.002873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.606329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999573                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               19240475202                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              19240475202                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1065759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1065759                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          133                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              133                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             327969                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                327969                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1396541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1396541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1724510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1724511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1724510                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1724511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           307402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              307402                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           995                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              995                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       316573                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          316573                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              623975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 624970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                995                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             623975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                624970                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26087694000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   26087694000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76178500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     76178500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25911925500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  25911925500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      76178500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   51999619500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      52075798000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76178500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  51999619500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     52075798000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1065759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1065759                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          133                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          133                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         635371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            635371                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          996                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            996                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1713114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1713114                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2348485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2349481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2348485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2349481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.483815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.483815                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998996                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998996                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.184794                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.184794                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.265693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.266003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.265693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.266003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84865.075699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84865.075699                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76561.306533                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76561.306533                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81851.343924                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81851.343924                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76561.306533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83336.062342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83325.276413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76561.306533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83336.062342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83325.276413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               374971                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    374971                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           26                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            26                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       307402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         307402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          995                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          995                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       316573                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       316573                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         623975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            624970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        623975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           624970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23013674000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23013674000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66228500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66228500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22746195500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22746195500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66228500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  45759869500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45826098000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66228500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  45759869500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45826098000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.483815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.184794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.184794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.265693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.266003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.265693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.266003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74865.075699                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74865.075699                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66561.306533                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66561.306533                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71851.343924                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71851.343924                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66561.306533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73336.062342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73325.276413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66561.306533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73336.062342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73325.276413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             317568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       374971                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           232659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            307402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           307402                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        317568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1857570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1857570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1857570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     63996224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     63996224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                63996224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1232600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1232600    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1232600                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2740442000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3380203750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4697075                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2347594                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            746                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          746                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1714110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1440730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1515080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           635371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          635371                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1713114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7044430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7046555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    218511616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              218583872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          608350                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2957831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000253                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2957084     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    747      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2957831                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3414429500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1494000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3522727500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
