
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.084111                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1084111468500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1084111468500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  83069                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   121356                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              180112904                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6019.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        64120896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           64184896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         64000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     33419456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        33419456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1001889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1002889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        522179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             522179                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              59035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           59146036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              59205071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         59035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            59035                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        30826587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             30826587                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        30826587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             59035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          59146036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             90031657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1002889                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     522179                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1002889                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   522179                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               64103936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   80960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                33416576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                64184896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             33419456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1265                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       471143                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             64196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             63565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             62372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             61669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             61180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             61991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             62820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             61718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             59313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             58746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            62568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            63902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            64818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            64292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            64266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            64208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             33590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             32568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             32156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             31567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             30770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             31352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             31220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             32155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             32956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             32959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            33466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            33323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            32934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            33605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            33710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            33803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1084078874500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1002889                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               522179                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  992726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  20013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  29470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  30091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  30105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  30263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  30326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  30915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  31294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  30082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  30064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  30064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  30060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       856148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    113.906138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.303279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   137.634022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       615482     71.89%     71.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       173592     20.28%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26652      3.11%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9806      1.15%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16422      1.92%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1841      0.22%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1516      0.18%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          900      0.11%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9937      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       856148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.276480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    196.380374                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        30032     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           25      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         30060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.369727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.338104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.041519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10049     33.43%     33.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1420      4.72%     38.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16186     53.85%     92.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             2250      7.49%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              144      0.48%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               10      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         30060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  15473877000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             34254327000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5008120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15448.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34198.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        59.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        30.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     59.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     30.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   455287                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  212323                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                40.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     710839.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    43.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3192179760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1741764750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3896185800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1654849440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          70808843040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         281602040760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         403447253250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           766343116800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            706.886225                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 669488278250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   36200840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  378421874250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3280299120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1789845750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3916481400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1728578880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          70808843040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         283554261405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         401734779000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           766813088595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            707.319734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 666610966500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   36200840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  381299186000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2168222937                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2168222937                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2347655                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.442685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293636766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2348679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            125.022094                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3488990500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1021.442685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          875                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1186290459                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1186290459                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224233519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224233519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69403247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69403247                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293636766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293636766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293636766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293636766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1696839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1696839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       635456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       635456                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2332295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2332295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2348679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2348679                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  62372680500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  62372680500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40461552000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  40461552000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 102834232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 102834232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 102834232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 102834232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009073                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009073                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007935                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36758.160615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36758.160615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63673.255111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63673.255111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44091.434617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44091.434617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 43783.859991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43783.859991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       312574                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5001                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    62.502300                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1030239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1030239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1696839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1696839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       635456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       635456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2332295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2332295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2348679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2348679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60675841500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60675841500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  39826096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39826096000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1408877940                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1408877940                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 100501937500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 100501937500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 101910815440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 101910815440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007935                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35758.160615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35758.160615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62673.255111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62673.255111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 85991.085205                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85991.085205                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43091.434617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43091.434617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43390.695553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43390.695553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                11                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           683.020496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          686710.148851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   683.020496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.333506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.333506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.483398                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749592441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749592441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78385500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78385500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78385500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78385500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78385500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78385500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78307.192807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78307.192807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78307.192807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78307.192807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78307.192807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78307.192807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77384500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77384500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77384500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77384500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77384500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77384500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77307.192807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77307.192807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77307.192807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77307.192807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77307.192807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77307.192807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    994643                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8177.322305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3059004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1002835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.050356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3705506000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2887.562569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         11.732576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5278.027160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.352486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.644290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1390                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               19241963411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              19241963411                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1030239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1030239                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           11                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               11                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             208009                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                208009                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1138781                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1138781                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1346790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1346791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1346790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1346791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           427447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              427447                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       574442                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          574442                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1001889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1002889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1001889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1002889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36688816500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   36688816500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75870500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     75870500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  47557585500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  47557585500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      75870500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   84246402000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      84322272500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75870500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  84246402000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     84322272500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1030239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1030239                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           11                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         635456                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            635456                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1713223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1713223                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2348679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2349680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2348679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2349680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.672662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.672662                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999001                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999001                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.335299                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.335299                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.426576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.426819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.426576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.426819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85832.434197                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85832.434197                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75870.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75870.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82789.185853                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82789.185853                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75870.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84087.560598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84079.367208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75870.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84087.560598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84079.367208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               522179                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    522179                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           50                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            50                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       427447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         427447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       574442                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       574442                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1001889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1002889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1001889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1002889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32414346500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32414346500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65870500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65870500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41813165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41813165500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65870500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  74227512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  74293382500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65870500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  74227512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  74293382500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.672662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.672662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.335299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.426576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.426819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.426576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.426819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75832.434197                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75832.434197                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65870.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65870.500000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72789.185853                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72789.185853                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65870.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74087.560598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74079.367208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65870.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74087.560598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74079.367208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             575442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       522179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           471143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            427447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           427447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        575442                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2999100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2999100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2999100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     97604352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     97604352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                97604352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1996211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1996211    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1996211                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4092856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5440459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4697346                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2347666                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1371                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1370                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1714224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1552418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1789879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           635456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          635456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1713223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7045012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7047025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    216250752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              216315520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          994643                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3344323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.020273                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3342951     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1371      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3344323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3378923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1501500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3523018500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
