
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.710206                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1710206292500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1710206292500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32405                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56793                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              110836950                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 824856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15429.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       486868416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          486911872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     77153344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        77153344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          7607319                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7607998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1205521                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1205521                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              25410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          284684028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             284709438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         25410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25410                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        45113472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             45113472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        45113472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             25410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         284684028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            329822910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     7607998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1205521                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   7607998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1205521                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              485645248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1266624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                77110272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               486911872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             77153344                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  19791                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                   641                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      6393433                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            485190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            466988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            465443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            491731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            461893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            460991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            468270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            460632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            465330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            464755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           473536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           482099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           482183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           488711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           488088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           482367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             76698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             76548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             76254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             81634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             75139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             71354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             76354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             71112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             72338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             70979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            71676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            76237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            77152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            77208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            77140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            77025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1710191514500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               7607998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1205521                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7588207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  24988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  26219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  71580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  72097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  72059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  72060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  72065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  72071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  72069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  72072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  72122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  72122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  72378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  72493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  72161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  72185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  72063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  72050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6612596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.103569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.744154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   108.022199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5948978     89.96%     89.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       487550      7.37%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        49142      0.74%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19830      0.30%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14654      0.22%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15450      0.23%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        15330      0.23%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9663      0.15%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        51999      0.79%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6612596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        72050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     105.317238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     53.486268                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    162.099025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         62438     86.66%     86.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         7163      9.94%     96.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         1861      2.58%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          469      0.65%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           82      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           24      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         72050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        72050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.722387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.694953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.969358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            45820     63.59%     63.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1212      1.68%     65.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            24225     33.62%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              787      1.09%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         72050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 173284835750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            315563717000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                37941035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22836.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41586.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       283.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        45.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    284.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     45.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1523996                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  656463                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 20.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                54.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     194041.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    24.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              24779979000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              13520821875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             29336876400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3921002640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         111702152640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         915720636240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         222858288750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1321839757545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            772.913797                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 365166904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   57107440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1287929010500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25211246760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              13756136625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             29851138200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3886412400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         111702152640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         918047194695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         220817448000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1323271729320                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            773.751107                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 361421538500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   57107440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1291674376500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3420412585                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3420412585                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10214979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.343812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           283566706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10217027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.754327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1262801500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.343812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          588                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         597784493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        597784493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    211420403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       211420403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72146303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72146303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     283566706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        283566706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    283566706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       283566706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      9878722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9878722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       338305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       338305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     10217027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10217027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 729092747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 729092747000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  20185402500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  20185402500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 749278149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 749278149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 749278149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 749278149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72484608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72484608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293783733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293783733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293783733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293783733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73804.359208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73804.359208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59666.284861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59666.284861                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73336.220948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73336.220948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73336.220948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73336.220948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1936375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1936375                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9878722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9878722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       338305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       338305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10217027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10217027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 719214025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 719214025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19847097500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19847097500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 739061122500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 739061122500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 739061122500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 739061122500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72804.359208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72804.359208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58666.284861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58666.284861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72336.220948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72336.220948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72336.220948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72336.220948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                23                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           622.000610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677317254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          996054.785294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   622.000610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.303711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.303711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.320801                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354636548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354636548                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677317254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677317254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677317254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677317254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677317254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677317254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79839.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79839.705882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79839.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79839.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79839.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79839.705882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           23                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                23                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53611000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53611000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78839.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78839.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78839.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78839.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78839.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78839.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   7904819                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7865.562984                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10676173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   7912967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.349200                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              330789125500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1483.432358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.957505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       6381.173120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.181083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.778952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.960152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          699                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994629                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  28683980                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 28683980                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1936375                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1936375                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           23                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               23                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             111592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                111592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        2498116                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           2498116                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               2609708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2609709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              2609708                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2609709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           226713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              226713                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           679                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              679                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7380606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7380606                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             7607319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                7607998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            7607319                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7607998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18167923000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   18167923000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52578000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52578000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 678165724000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 678165724000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      52578000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  696333647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     696386225000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52578000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 696333647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    696386225000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1936375                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1936375                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           23                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           23                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         338305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            338305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            680                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      9878722                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9878722                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             10217707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         10217027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            10217707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.670144                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.670144                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.747122                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.747122                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.744573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.744590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.744573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.744590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80136.220684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80136.220684                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77434.462445                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77434.462445                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91884.829511                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91884.829511                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77434.462445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91534.697967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91533.439546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77434.462445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91534.697967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91533.439546                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1205521                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1205521                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      1505154                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       1505154                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       226713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         226713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          679                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          679                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7380606                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7380606                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        7607319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           7607998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       7607319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          7607998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15900793000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15900793000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45788000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45788000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 604359664000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 604359664000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45788000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 620260457000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 620306245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45788000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 620260457000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 620306245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.670144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.670144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.747122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.747122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.744573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.744590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.744573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.744590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70136.220684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70136.220684                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67434.462445                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67434.462445                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81884.829511                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81884.829511                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67434.462445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81534.697967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81533.439546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67434.462445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81534.697967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81533.439546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7381285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1205521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6393433                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            226713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           226713                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7381285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     22814950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     22814950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               22814950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    564065216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    564065216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               564065216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          15206952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                15206952    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            15206952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         20037732000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        42446120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     20432709                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10215002                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        1811019                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1811019                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9879402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3141896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           23                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        14977901                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           338305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          338305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9878722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30649032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              30650415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    777817728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              777862720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7904819                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         18122526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.099932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.299909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16311506     90.01%     90.01% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1811020      9.99%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           18122526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12152752500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15325540500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
