
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.256571                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4256570642500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4256570642500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 272177                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   477025                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2317081031                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1837.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1677872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       170319936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          171997808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1677872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1677872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19241936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19241936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           209734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         21289992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21499726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2405242                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2405242                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             394184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           40013417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              40407601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        394184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           394184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4520525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4520525                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4520525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            394184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          40013417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             44928126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21499726                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2405242                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21499726                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2405242                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1368738560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 7243904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                98214144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               171997808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             19241936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                 113186                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                870619                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     19061705                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1308536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1455629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1405232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1631047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1359095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1270271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1382441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1254530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1260111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1262634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1281394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1301809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1297847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1310101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1306442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1299421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             85381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             87071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             87536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            220425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            117695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             76868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            122705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             78454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             77225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             77658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            79146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            84064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            84672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            86037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            84978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            84681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  4256563824500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              21499726                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              2405242                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                21386522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  13765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  94178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  94246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  94245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  94237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  94236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      7227999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    202.954193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.731431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.909191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2670533     36.95%     36.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       748035     10.35%     47.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3322214     45.96%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       213104      2.95%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        42592      0.59%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        36759      0.51%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        37190      0.51%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        22482      0.31%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       135090      1.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      7227999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     226.948363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    127.575242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    269.581484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         71239     75.60%     75.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         8562      9.09%     84.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         8128      8.63%     93.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         4206      4.46%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279         1668      1.77%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535          378      0.40%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           31      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           15      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94235                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.284777                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.270780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.694361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            80464     85.39%     85.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              760      0.81%     86.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            12958     13.75%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               52      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 213002694250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            614000319250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106932700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9959.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28709.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       321.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     40.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14764933                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  928204                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                60.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     178061.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              28727274240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              15674604000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             86320891800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5677354800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         278018055120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1865403070335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         917619948000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3197441198295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            751.178923                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1514987650250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  142136020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2599440394750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25916398200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              14140891875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             80494120200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4266827280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         278018055120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1778864934465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         993530585250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3175231812390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            745.961246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1641448317250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  142136020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2472979714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       8513141285                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 8513141285                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          54068493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           240020299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          54068621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.439179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          43458500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.999637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        2406779981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       2406779981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    179818978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       179818978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7455538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7455538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     52745783                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     52745783                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     187274516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        187274516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    187274516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       187274516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     41699029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      41699029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       820254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       820254                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data     11549338                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total     11549338                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     42519283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       42519283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     42519283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      42519283                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1881464660500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1881464660500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14229978000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14229978000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 252318017000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 252318017000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1895694638500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1895694638500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1895694638500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1895694638500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.188242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.188242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.099115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179630                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.179630                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.185032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.185032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.185032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.185032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45120.107245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45120.107245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17348.257979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17348.257979                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21846.967939                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21846.967939                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44584.351023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44584.351023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44584.351023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44584.351023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     25040122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          25040122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     41699029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     41699029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       820254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       820254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     11549338                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total     11549338                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     42519283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     42519283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     42519283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     42519283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1839765631500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1839765631500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13409724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13409724000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 240768679000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 240768679000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1853175355500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853175355500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1853175355500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1853175355500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.188242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.188242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.099115                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099115                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.179630                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.179630                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.185032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.185032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.185032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44120.107245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44120.107245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16348.257979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16348.257979                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20846.967939                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20846.967939                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43584.351023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43584.351023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43584.351023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43584.351023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          98155782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           579162024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          98155910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              5.900429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          45887500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         775473844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        775473844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1290144113500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1290144113500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1290144113500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1290144113500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1290144113500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1290144113500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13143.825099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13143.825099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13143.825099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13143.825099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13143.825099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13143.825099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191988203500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191988203500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191988203500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191988203500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191988203500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191988203500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12143.825099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12143.825099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12143.825099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12143.825099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12143.825099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12143.825099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21599824                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32174.026391                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   270354119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21632569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     12.497550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11244.875850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        360.005498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20569.145043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.343166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010986                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.627720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32745                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          731                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5289                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999298                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 338450967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                338450967                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     25040122                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         25040122                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             772183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                772183                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        97946176                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           97946176                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       22019384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          22019384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data        9987062                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total           9987062                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              97946176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              22791567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                120737743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             97946176                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             22791567                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               120737743                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            48071                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               48071                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        209734                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           209734                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     19679645                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19679645                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1562276                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1562276                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              209734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            19727716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               19937450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             209734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           19727716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              19937450                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4071421500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4071421500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  16319490500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  16319490500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1545969995000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1545969995000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 118580521000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 118580521000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   16319490500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1550041416500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1566360907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  16319490500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1550041416500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1566360907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     25040122                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     25040122                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         820254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            820254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     41699029                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      41699029                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data     11549338                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      11549338                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          42519283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            140675193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         98155910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         42519283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           140675193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.058605                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.058605                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002137                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002137                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.471945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.471945                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.135270                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.135270                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.002137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.463971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.141727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.002137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.463971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.141727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84696.001747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84696.001747                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77810.419388                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77810.419388                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78556.802981                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78556.802981                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75902.414810                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75902.414810                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77810.419388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78571.762514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78563.753489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77810.419388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78571.762514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78563.753489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2405242                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2405242                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        91040                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         91040                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48071                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          48071                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       209734                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       209734                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19679645                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19679645                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1562276                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1562276                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         209734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       19727716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          19937450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        209734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      19727716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         19937450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3590711500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3590711500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14222150500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14222150500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1349173545000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349173545000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 102957761000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102957761000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14222150500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1352764256500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1366986407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14222150500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1352764256500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1366986407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.471945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.471945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.135270                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135270                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.463971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.141727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.463971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.141727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74696.001747                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74696.001747                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67810.419388                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67810.419388                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68556.802981                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68556.802981                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65902.414810                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65902.414810                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67810.419388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68571.762514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68563.753489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67810.419388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68571.762514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68563.753489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           19889379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2405242                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19061705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1610347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1610347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      19889379                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     64466399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     64466399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               64466399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    191239744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    191239744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               191239744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          42966673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                42966673    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            42966673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         45397642000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        50811264750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    304448806                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    152224275                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         223917                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       223917                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         139854939                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     27445364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     98155782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        48222953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           820254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          820254                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      98155910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     41699029                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq     11549338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp     11549338                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    294467602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    162205735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             456673337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1570493536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    540475240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2110968776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        21599824                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        173824355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              173600438     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 223917      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          173824355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       213822355000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       98155910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       48293952000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
