
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.154707                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1154706505500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1154706505500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35464                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    51809                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               81900028                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 825976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14098.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       127785344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          127849408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         64064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     52752576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        52752576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1996646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1997647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        824259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             824259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              55481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          110664782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             110720263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         55481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            55481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        45684835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             45684835                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        45684835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             55481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         110664782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            156405098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1997647                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     824259                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1997647                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   824259                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              126633984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 1215424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                52639808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               127849408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             52752576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  18991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  1747                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1170371                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            124859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            124252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            127298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            120574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            119926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            119671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            131214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            128086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            107200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            107156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           120259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           124283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           124387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           124354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           134156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           140981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             51364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             49454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             54210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             50569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             45070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             45846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             53208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             57224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             48291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             47381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            50312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            50757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            46716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            48431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            56085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            67579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1154673839500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1997647                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               824259                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1969723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  25996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  29661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  48004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  48033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  47934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  47917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  47916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  47915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  47912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  47911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  47911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  47914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  47912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  47912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  47914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  47911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  47911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  47911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1658313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    108.106125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    85.961186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   119.584481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1193079     71.95%     71.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       353163     21.30%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        47560      2.87%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15901      0.96%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        30214      1.82%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3074      0.19%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2260      0.14%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1638      0.10%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11424      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1658313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        47911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      41.274133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.474936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    181.759484                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        47804     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           86      0.18%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071           17      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28672-29695            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         47911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        47911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.167185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.140234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.956133                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            18276     38.15%     38.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             3636      7.59%     45.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            25713     53.67%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              285      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         47911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  32335910000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             69435710000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 9893280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16342.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35092.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       109.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        45.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    110.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     45.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   830662                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  312178                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 41.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                37.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     409182.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    40.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               6275298960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3424022250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              7767864000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2637003600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          75419448000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         384871498920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         355214094750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           835609230480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            723.658456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 588657121250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   38558000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  527486013750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6261547320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3416518875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              7665652800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2692776960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          75419448000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         386217830655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         354033102000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           835706876610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            723.743020                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 586672662750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   38558000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  529470472250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2309413011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2309413011                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2042531                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.676458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293940866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2044579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            143.765962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3524066500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2042.676458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594015469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594015469                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224491166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224491166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69449700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69449700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293940866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293940866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293940866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293940866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1439192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1439192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       589003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       589003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2028195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2028195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2044579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2044579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 120586521500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 120586521500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  52535222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  52535222000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 173121743500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 173121743500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 173121743500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 173121743500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83787.654114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83787.654114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89193.471001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89193.471001                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85357.543777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85357.543777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84673.540861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84673.540861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       319256                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    69.966250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       872204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            872204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1439192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1439192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       589003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       589003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2028195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2028195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2044579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2044579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 119147329500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 119147329500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  51946219000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51946219000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1428200988                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1428200988                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 171093548500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 171093548500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 172521749488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 172521749488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 82787.654114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82787.654114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88193.471001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88193.471001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 87170.470459                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87170.470459                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84357.543777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84357.543777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84380.084843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84380.084843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                45                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           668.831871                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          686710.148851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   668.831871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.326578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.326578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          924                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.466797                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374796721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374796721                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77877500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77877500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77877500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77877500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77877500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77877500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77799.700300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77799.700300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77799.700300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77799.700300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77799.700300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77799.700300                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                45                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76876500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76876500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76876500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76876500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76876500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76876500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76799.700300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76799.700300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76799.700300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76799.700300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76799.700300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76799.700300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   2280842                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   121.205891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       47933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   2280893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.021015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3478404000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.387176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.407760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         68.410955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.409275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.534461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.946921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024            51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.398438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6958051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6958051                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       872204                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           872204                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           45                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               45                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              10700                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 10700                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          37233                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             37233                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 47933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    47933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                47933                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   47933                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           578303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              578303                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1418343                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1418343                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1996646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1997647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1001                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1996646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1997647                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  50950363500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   50950363500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75374500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     75374500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 118001162000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 118001162000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      75374500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  168951525500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     169026900000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75374500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 168951525500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    169026900000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       872204                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       872204                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           45                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           45                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         589003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            589003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1455576                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1455576                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2044579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2045580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2044579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2045580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.981834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.981834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.974420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.974420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.976556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.976568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.976556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.976568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88103.232216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88103.232216                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75299.200799                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75299.200799                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83196.491963                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83196.491963                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75299.200799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84617.666577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84612.997191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75299.200799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84617.666577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84612.997191                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               824259                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    824259                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      1170326                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       1170326                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       578303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         578303                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1418343                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1418343                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1996646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1997647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1996646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1997647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  45167333500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45167333500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65364500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65364500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 103817732000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 103817732000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 148985065500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 149050430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 148985065500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 149050430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.981834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.974420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.976556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.976568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.976556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.976568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78103.232216                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78103.232216                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65299.200799                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65299.200799                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73196.491963                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73196.491963                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65299.200799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74617.666577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74612.997191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65299.200799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74617.666577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74612.997191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1419344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       824259                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1170371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            578303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           578303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1419344                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5989924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      5989924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                5989924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    180601984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    180601984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               180601984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           3992277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 3992277    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             3992277                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7295737000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10874912750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4088156                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2042576                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        1456538                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1456537                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1456577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1696463                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           45                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         2626909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           589003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          589003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1455576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6131688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6133735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        66944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    186674112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              186741056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         2280842                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4326422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.336662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.472569                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2869883     66.33%     66.33% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1456538     33.67%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4326422                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2916327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1501500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3066868500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
