
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.301446                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1301446242500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1301446242500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69923                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   102151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              182002165                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833668                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7150.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           51944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        30100728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           30152672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         51944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     12976456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12976456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          3762591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3769084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1622057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1622057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              39913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           23128676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              23168588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         39913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            39913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         9970797                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9970797                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         9970797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             39913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          23128676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             33139385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3769084                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1622057                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3769084                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1622057                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              241186432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   34944                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                82667392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                30152672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12976456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    546                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                330360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2072785                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            238864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            235835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            234825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            233616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            232286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            234645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            242016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            237009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            229507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            227812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           234930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           239978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           239647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           233959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           236443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           237166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             82284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             80300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             79277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             78672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             78233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             77861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             80105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             80462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             82026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             82599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            82104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            81507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            80774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            81027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            81996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            82451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1301443754500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               3769084                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1622057                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 3752149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  39825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  42752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  72349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  75558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  75410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  75373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  75309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  75346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  75375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  75426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  76046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  75948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  77687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  78209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  75380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  75216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  75188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  75187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2057284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    157.418110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.643627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.998782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1381782     67.17%     67.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       374186     18.19%     85.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        97841      4.76%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        46921      2.28%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        32399      1.57%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        14604      0.71%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        16278      0.79%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12535      0.61%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        80738      3.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2057284                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        75187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      50.032492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    904.754779                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        75171     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383           13      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::237568-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         75187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        75187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.179539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.145557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.080434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            32304     42.96%     42.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             2843      3.78%     46.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            34541     45.94%     92.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             5250      6.98%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              234      0.31%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               15      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         75187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  41728216500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            112388304000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                18842690000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11072.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29822.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       185.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        63.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     23.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2466885                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  536046                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     241404.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    59.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               7740185040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4223315250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             14734941000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4129017120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          85003769760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         493007396490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         348401853000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           957240477660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            735.523641                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 576395821000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   43457960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  681589913000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               7812882000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4262981250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             14659647600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4241056320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          85003769760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         489316382010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         351639576750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           956936295690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            735.289922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 581738007500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   43457960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  676244835000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2602892485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2602892485                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4864181                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          8170.419844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           291113121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4872373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             59.747708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4200418500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8170.419844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          731                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1188814349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1188814349                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    222536273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       222536273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64473592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64473592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      4103256                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      4103256                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     287009865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287009865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    287009865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287009865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3394122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3394122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1165875                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1165875                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       295992                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       295992                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4559997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4559997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4576381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4576381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 205962486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 205962486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  94187248500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  94187248500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22281047000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  22281047000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 300149734500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 300149734500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 300149734500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 300149734500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067282                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.067282                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60682.110425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60682.110425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80786.746864                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80786.746864                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75275.841915                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75275.841915                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65822.353502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65822.353502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65586.701479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65586.701479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2053125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2053125                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3394122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3394122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1165875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1165875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295992                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       295992                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4559997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4559997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4576381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4576381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 202568364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 202568364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93021373500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93021373500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1247979000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1247979000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21985055000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21985055000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 295589737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 295589737500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 296837716500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 296837716500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017762                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017762                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067282                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067282                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59682.110425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59682.110425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79786.746864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79786.746864                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76170.593262                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76170.593262                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74275.841915                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74275.841915                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64822.353502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64822.353502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64862.981579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64862.981579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               497                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3913.355930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687391365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          105833.928406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3913.355930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.477705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.477705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5998                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.732178                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749597935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749597935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687391365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687391365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687391365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687391365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687391365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687391365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         6495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         6495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         6495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    495063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    495063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    495063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    495063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    495063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    495063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76222.170901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76222.170901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76222.170901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76222.170901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76222.170901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76222.170901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    488568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    488568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    488568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    488568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    488568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    488568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75222.170901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75222.170901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75222.170901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75222.170901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75222.170901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75222.170901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   3702852                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 65257.270745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4513127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   3768388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.197628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                8181658000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    19962.828686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         98.217358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45196.224702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.304609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.689640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               39914794671                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              39914794671                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2053125                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2053125                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          497                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              497                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             104559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                104559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1004314                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1004314                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data            909                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total               909                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1108873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1108875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1108873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1108875                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1061316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1061316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2406192                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2406192                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       295083                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          295083                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             3467508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                3474001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            3467508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               3474001                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  90174691500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   90174691500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    478804500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    478804500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 188155284500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 188155284500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21531522500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21531522500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     478804500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  278329976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     278808780500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    478804500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 278329976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    278808780500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2053125                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2053125                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          497                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          497                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1165875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1165875                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6495                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           6495                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3410506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3410506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       295992                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        295992                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              6495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4576381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4582876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             6495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4576381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4582876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.910317                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.910317                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999692                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.705523                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.705523                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996929                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.996929                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.757697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.758039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.757697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.758039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84964.978856                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84964.978856                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73741.644848                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73741.644848                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78196.288783                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78196.288783                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72967.681974                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72967.681974                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73741.644848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80268.012648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80255.814693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73741.644848                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80268.012648                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80255.814693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1622057                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1622057                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          164                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           164                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1061316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1061316                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2406192                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2406192                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295083                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       295083                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        3467508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           3474001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       3467508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          3474001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  79561531500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  79561531500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    413874500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    413874500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 164093364500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164093364500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18580692500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18580692500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    413874500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 243654896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 244068770500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    413874500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 243654896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 244068770500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.910317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.705523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.996929                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996929                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.757697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.758039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.757697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.758039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74964.978856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74964.978856                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63741.644848                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63741.644848                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68196.288783                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68196.288783                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62967.681974                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62967.681974                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63741.644848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70268.012648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70255.814693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63741.644848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70268.012648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70255.814693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2412685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1622057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2072785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1356399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1356399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2412685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11233010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     11233010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               11233010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     43129128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     43129128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43129128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           7463926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 7463926    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             7463926                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          9085986500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         8925935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9743546                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4864678                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           8174                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         8174                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3417001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3675182                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          497                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4891851                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1165875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1165875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          6495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3410506                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       295992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       295992                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14608927                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              14622414                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        55936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     53036048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               53091984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3702852                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8581720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030848                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                8573546     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   8174      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            8581720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5898584000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4724377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
