
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.934343                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3934342702500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3934342702500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 381945                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   669407                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3005403092                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1309.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1435032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       166924296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          168359328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1435032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1435032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     16281520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        16281520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           179379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         20865537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21044916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2035190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2035190                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             364745                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           42427493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              42792238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        364745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           364745                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4138308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4138308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4138308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            364745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          42427493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             46930545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21044916                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2035190                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21044916                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2035190                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1343475136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 3399488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                87854464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               168359328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             16281520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  53117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                662439                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     18976841                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1305675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1407784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1368625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1447565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1299220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1267668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1334382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1252166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1257781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1259101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1284048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1305679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1294860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1306538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1303289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1297418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             83426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             84124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             83883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            142354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             90543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             75156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             94135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             76645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             75855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             74902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            77191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            82073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            82721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            83552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            82739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            83427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3934339076500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              21044916                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              2035190                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                20991783                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   9873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  83949                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  84530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  84520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  84523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  84522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  84528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  84524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  84524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  84624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  84563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  84736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  84647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  84577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  84546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  84519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  84515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      7000392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    204.464198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.152459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.267549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2556341     36.52%     36.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       678448      9.69%     46.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3297133     47.10%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       205301      2.93%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        37867      0.54%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        33765      0.48%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        34953      0.50%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21550      0.31%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       135034      1.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      7000392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        84515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     248.379104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    121.238685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    359.165819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         67639     80.03%     80.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         3761      4.45%     84.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         3504      4.15%     88.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         3525      4.17%     92.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279         3381      4.00%     96.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535         2132      2.52%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791          293      0.35%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047          151      0.18%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           75      0.09%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           35      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           13      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         84515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        84515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.242395                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.230160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.649610                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            73999     87.56%     87.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              639      0.76%     88.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             9790     11.58%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               84      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         84515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 206737420000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            600333651250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               104958995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9848.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28598.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       341.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        22.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     42.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14551778                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  812354                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                59.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     170464.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              27187839000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              14834634375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             83328055200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4732123680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         256971808080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1723490190000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         848769220500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2959313870835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            752.175835                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1401365548500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  131376180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2401597259500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25735124520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              14041982625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             80407969200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4163140800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         256971808080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1717004220705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         854458667250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2952782913180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            750.515846                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1410457837750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  131376180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2392503863500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       7868685405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 7868685405                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          29753766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4094.216799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           264331058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          29757862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.882730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       10107046500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4094.216799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         323846782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        323846782                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    195233011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       195233011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8213147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8213147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     60884900                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     60884900                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     203446158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        203446158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    203446158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       203446158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     26284996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      26284996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        62645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        62645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      3410221                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      3410221                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     26347641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       26347641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     26347641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      26347641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1665609177500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1665609177500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4534903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4534903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 132901636500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 132901636500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1670144080500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1670144080500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1670144080500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1670144080500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.118659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007570                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053040                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.053040                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.114658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.114658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63367.298116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63367.298116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72390.502035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72390.502035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38971.561227                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38971.561227                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63388.751976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63388.751976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63388.751976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63388.751976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6579419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           6579419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     26284996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     26284996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        62645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        62645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3410221                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      3410221                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     26347641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26347641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     26347641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26347641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1639324181500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1639324181500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4472258000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4472258000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 129491415500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 129491415500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1643796439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643796439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1643796439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1643796439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.053040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.114658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.114658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62367.298116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62367.298116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71390.502035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71390.502035                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37971.561227                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37971.561227                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62388.751976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62388.751976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62388.751976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62388.751976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          98155782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           579162024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          98155910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              5.900429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          45792500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         775473844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        775473844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1288082308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1288082308000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1288082308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1288082308000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1288082308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1288082308000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13122.819686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13122.819686                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13122.819686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13122.819686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13122.819686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13122.819686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1189926398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1189926398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1189926398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1189926398000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1189926398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1189926398000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12122.819686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12122.819686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12122.819686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12122.819686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12122.819686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12122.819686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21365734                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 30963.058541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   228940832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21398072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.699134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              3024212930500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10521.487324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        360.698415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20080.872802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.321090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.612820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.944918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32338                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5609                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986877                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 280694258                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                280694258                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6579419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          6579419                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              14672                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14672                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        97976531                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           97976531                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        6834708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6834708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data        2042945                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total           2042945                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              97976531                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               6849380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                104825911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             97976531                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              6849380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               104825911                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            47973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               47973                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        179379                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           179379                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     19450288                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19450288                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1367276                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1367276                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              179379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            19498261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               19677640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             179379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           19498261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              19677640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4224111500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4224111500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13938957500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  13938957500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1528126628500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1528126628500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 102925161500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 102925161500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   13938957500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1532350740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1546289697500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13938957500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1532350740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1546289697500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6579419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6579419                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          62645                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             62645                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     26284996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      26284996                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      3410221                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       3410221                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          26347641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            124503551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         98155910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         26347641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           124503551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.765791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.765791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001827                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001827                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.739977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.739977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400935                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.400935                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.740038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.158049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.740038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.158049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88051.852083                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88051.852083                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77706.741034                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77706.741034                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78565.758435                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78565.758435                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75277.531018                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75277.531018                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77706.741034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78589.097766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78581.054308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77706.741034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78589.097766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78581.054308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2035190                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2035190                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      2006121                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       2006121                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        47973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          47973                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       179379                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       179379                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19450288                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19450288                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1367276                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1367276                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         179379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       19498261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          19677640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        179379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      19498261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         19677640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3744381500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3744381500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12145167500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12145167500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1333623748500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1333623748500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  89252401500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  89252401500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12145167500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1337368130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349513297500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12145167500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1337368130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349513297500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.765791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.739977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.739977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400935                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400935                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.740038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.158049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.740038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.158049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78051.852083                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78051.852083                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67706.741034                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67706.741034                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68565.758435                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68565.758435                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65277.531018                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65277.531018                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67706.741034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68589.097766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68581.054308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67706.741034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68589.097766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68581.054308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           19629667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2035190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         18976841                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1415249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1415249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      19629667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     63101863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     63101863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               63101863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    184640848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    184640848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               184640848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          42056947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                42056947    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            42056947                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         44118610500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        49752391750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    255823320                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    127909548                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        2359824                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      2359824                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         124440906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      8614609                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     98155782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        42504891                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            62645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           62645                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      98155910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     26284996                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      3410221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      3410221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    294467602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     89269490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             383737092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1570493536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    263416480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1833910016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        21365734                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        149279506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.015808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.124732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              146919682     98.42%     98.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                2359824      1.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          149279506                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       180279260500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       98155910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       28052751500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
