
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.091103                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1091102556500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1091102556500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  83807                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   122434                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              182884366                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5966.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        64092288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           64156416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         64128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     33439744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        33439744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1001442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1002444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        522496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             522496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              58774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           58740847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              58799620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         58774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            58774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        30647664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             30647664                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        30647664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             58774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          58740847                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             89447284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1002444                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     522496                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1002444                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   522496                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               64070016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   86400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                33436928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                64156416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             33439744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1350                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       470702                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             64115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             63448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             62358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             61675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             61146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             61999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             62954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             61761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             59159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             58556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            62542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            63791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            64755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            64249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            64274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            64312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             33609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             32567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             32188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             31590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             30813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             31325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             31317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             32217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             32918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             32911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            33475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            33328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            32925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            33580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            33773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            33916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1091069962500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1002444                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               522496                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  992122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    7592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  18404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  20022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  29408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  30283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  30241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  30215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  30159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  30137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  30144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  30144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  30304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  30299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  30896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  31326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  30123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  30109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  30105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  30104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       858511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    113.576814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.155144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   137.140736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       618228     72.01%     72.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       173188     20.17%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26904      3.13%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9671      1.13%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16433      1.91%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1726      0.20%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1513      0.18%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          911      0.11%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9937      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       858511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        30104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.208776                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    193.409459                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        30077     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           15      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            9      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-7167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29696-30719            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         30104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        30104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.354903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.323922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.030225                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10095     33.53%     33.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1524      5.06%     38.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            16324     54.23%     92.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             2034      6.76%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              122      0.41%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         30104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  15535099500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             34305612000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5005470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15518.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                34268.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        58.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        30.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     58.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     30.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   454016                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  211019                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                40.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     715483.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    43.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3199528080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1745774250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              3895756800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1656456480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          71265021360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         283405827420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         406055544000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           771223908390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            706.834634                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 673817940750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   36434060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  380843258000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3290815080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1795583625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              3912776400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1729032480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          71265021360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         284776533495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         404853170250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           771622932690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            707.200344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 671794367000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   36434060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  382866831750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2182205113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2182205113                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2929493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.428089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293054928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2930517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            100.001102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3514749500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1021.428089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         298915962                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        298915962                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    223738737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       223738737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69316191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69316191                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293054928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293054928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293054928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293054928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2191621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2191621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       722512                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       722512                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2914133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2914133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2930517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2930517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  68723872500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  68723872500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  41674023000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  41674023000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 110397895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 110397895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 110397895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 110397895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31357.553382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31357.553382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 57679.350654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57679.350654                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37883.615985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37883.615985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37671.815417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37671.815417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       331035                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4932                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    67.119830                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1426184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1426184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2191621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2191621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       722512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       722512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2914133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2914133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2930517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2930517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  66532251500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66532251500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40951511000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40951511000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1445410439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1445410439                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 107483762500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 107483762500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 108929172939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 108929172939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30357.553382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30357.553382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 56679.350654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56679.350654                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 88220.851990                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88220.851990                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36883.615985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36883.615985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37170.633352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37170.633352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           652.323927                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          685340.834497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   652.323927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.637035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.637035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.845703                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749592443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749592443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1003                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78427500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78427500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78427500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78427500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78427500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78427500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78192.921236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78192.921236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78192.921236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78192.921236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78192.921236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78192.921236                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77424500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77424500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77424500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77424500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77424500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77424500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77192.921236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77192.921236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77192.921236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77192.921236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77192.921236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77192.921236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    994207                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8177.599531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4136095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1002399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.126196                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                3706354000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2914.236023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         11.576956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       5251.786552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.355742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.641087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1475                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               24008991215                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              24008991215                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1426184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1426184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          137                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              137                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             294371                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                294371                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1634704                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1634704                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1929075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1929076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1929075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1929076                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           428141                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              428141                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       573301                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          573301                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1001442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1002444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1001442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1002444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36776813500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   36776813500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75907500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     75907500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  47499529000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  47499529000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      75907500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   84276342500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      84352250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75907500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  84276342500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     84352250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1426184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1426184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          137                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          137                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         722512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            722512                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1003                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      2208005                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       2208005                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2930517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2931520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2930517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2931520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.592573                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.592573                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999003                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999003                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.259647                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.259647                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.341729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.341954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.341729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.341954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85898.835898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85898.835898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75755.988024                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75755.988024                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82852.688204                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82852.688204                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75755.988024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84154.991003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84146.595720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75755.988024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84154.991003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84146.595720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               522496                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    522496                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          143                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           143                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       428141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         428141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       573301                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       573301                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1001442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1002444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1001442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1002444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  32495403500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32495403500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65887500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65887500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41766519000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41766519000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65887500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  74261922500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  74327810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65887500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  74261922500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  74327810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.592573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.259647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.341954                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.341729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.341954                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75898.835898                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75898.835898                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65755.988024                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65755.988024                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72852.688204                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72852.688204                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65755.988024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74154.991003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74146.595720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65755.988024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74154.991003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74146.595720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             574303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       522496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           470702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            428141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           428141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        574303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2998086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2998086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2998086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     97596160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     97596160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                97596160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1995642                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1995642    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1995642                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4093272500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5438730750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5861150                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2929630                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1152                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1151                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2209008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1948680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1975019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           722512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          722512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      2208005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8790526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               8792669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    278828864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              278901824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          994207                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3925727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000294                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.017158                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3924574     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1152      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3925727                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4356896000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1504500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4395775500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
