
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.250508                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2250507950500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2250507950500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 594908                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   869101                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2677688859                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 829072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   840.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          630104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        34849224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           35479328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       630104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        630104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     14108008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14108008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            78763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4356153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4434916                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1763501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1763501                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             279983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           15485048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              15765031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        279983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           279983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6268811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6268811                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6268811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            279983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          15485048                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             22033842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4434916                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1763501                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4434916                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1763501                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              283529664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  304960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71310080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                35479328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14108008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   4765                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                649253                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2638647                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            275286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            287614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            341126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            266874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            264810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            269975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            286138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            278583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            254498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            253415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           265639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           279777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           273398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           268156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           275531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           289331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             70836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             67872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             69164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             65826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             65914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             68925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             68163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            67923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            69621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            81449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2250502510500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               4434916                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1763501                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4413762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   11123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    5266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  31125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  34671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65550                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2391055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    148.403004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.973867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.700606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1572413     65.76%     65.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       475423     19.88%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       128437      5.37%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        68325      2.86%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        39271      1.64%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18376      0.77%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10933      0.46%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10771      0.45%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67106      2.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2391055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      67.274407                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     41.320968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    899.015489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        65496     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            6      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-40959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::204800-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.009694                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.981432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.980302                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            30828     47.06%     47.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             3540      5.40%     52.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            30816     47.04%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              317      0.48%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  52442685000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            135508016250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                22150755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11837.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30587.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       125.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        31.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     15.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2715401                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  437915                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 61.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                39.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     363076.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               9097968600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4964169375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             17709166800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3524102640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         146992148160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         724103382555                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         715125683250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1621516621380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            720.511758                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1184978184000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   75149360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  990379284750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               8978407200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4898932500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             16846011000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3696042960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         146992148160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         702602433360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         733986156750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1618000131930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            718.949230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1216480503500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   75149360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  958876951500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37843290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37843290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2243222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             33071034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                33057643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.959508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  726482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4501015901                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4501015901                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 33784125                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      2243222                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          11609813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           284375553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          11609941                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             24.494143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          48774500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.999279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1195551917                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1195551917                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    216442176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       216442176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     63967241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       63967241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      3966136                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      3966136                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     280409417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        280409417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    280409417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       280409417                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      9488219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9488219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1672226                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1672226                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       433112                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       433112                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     11160445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11160445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     11176829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11176829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 324389095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 324389095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 106215857000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 106215857000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  23956532000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  23956532000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 430604952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 430604952000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 430604952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 430604952000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.041996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098451                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.098451                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.038277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.038331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34188.618011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34188.618011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63517.644744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63517.644744                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55312.556567                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55312.556567                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38583.134633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38583.134633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38526.576008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38526.576008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      4941778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           4941778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9488219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9488219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1672226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1672226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       433112                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       433112                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     11160445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11160445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     11176829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11176829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 314900876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 314900876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 104543631000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 104543631000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1245407000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245407000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23523420000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23523420000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 419444507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 419444507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 420689914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 420689914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.041996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.025476                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025476                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098451                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098451                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.038277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.038331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33188.618011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33188.618011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62517.644744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62517.644744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76013.610840                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76013.610840                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54312.556567                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54312.556567                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37583.134633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37583.134633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37639.469477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37639.469477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          68245069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           619152663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          68245197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              9.072472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          77532500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         755643057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        755643057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    619152663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       619152663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     619152663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        619152663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    619152663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       619152663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      68245197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      68245197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 892402351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 892402351500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 892402351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 892402351500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 892402351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 892402351500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13076.412564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13076.412564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13076.412564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13076.412564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13076.412564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13076.412564                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     68245069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          68245069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 824157154500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 824157154500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 824157154500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 824157154500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 824157154500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 824157154500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12076.412564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12076.412564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12076.412564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12076.412564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12076.412564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12076.412564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4427181                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32676.594316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   153100132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4459920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     34.328000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              220081118500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8671.980364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        801.649532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      23202.964420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.264648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.024464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.708098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32739                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27376                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999115                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 166275278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                166275278                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      4941778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          4941778                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         68245069                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             546139                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                546139                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        68166434                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           68166434                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        6571864                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           6571864                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data         135785                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total            135785                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              68166434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               7118003                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 75284437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             68166434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              7118003                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                75284437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1126087                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1126087                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         78763                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            78763                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2932739                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2932739                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       297327                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          297327                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               78763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4058826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4137589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              78763                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4058826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4137589                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  96300832500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   96300832500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6041802000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   6041802000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 232884803500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 232884803500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21448009500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21448009500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    6041802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  329185636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     335227438000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6041802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 329185636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    335227438000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      4941778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      4941778                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1672226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1672226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       68245197                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      9504603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9504603                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       433112                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        433112                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          11176829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             79422026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         68245197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         11176829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            79422026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.673406                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.673406                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001154                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001154                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.308560                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.308560                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.686490                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.686490                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.363146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.052096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.363146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.052096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85518.110501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85518.110501                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76708.632226                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76708.632226                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79408.635920                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79408.635920                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72136.097630                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72136.097630                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76708.632226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81103.658053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81019.994494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76708.632226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81103.658053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81019.994494                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1763501                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1763501                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        44369                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         44369                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1126087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1126087                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        78763                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        78763                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2932739                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2932739                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       297327                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       297327                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          78763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4058826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4137589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         78763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4058826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4137589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85039962500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85039962500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5254172000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5254172000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 203557413500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 203557413500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18474739500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18474739500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5254172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 288597376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 293851548000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5254172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 288597376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 293851548000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.673406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.308560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.686490                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.686490                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.363146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.052096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.363146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.052096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75518.110501                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75518.110501                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66708.632226                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66708.632226                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69408.635920                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69408.635920                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62136.097630                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62136.097630                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66708.632226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71103.658053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71019.994494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66708.632226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71103.658053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71019.994494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3011502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1763501                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2638647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1423414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1423414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3011502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13271980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     13271980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13271980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49587336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     49587336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49587336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8837064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8837064    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8837064                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10600568000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10556291750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    159710020                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     79854882                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          69402                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        69402                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          77749800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6705279                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     68245069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         9331715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1672226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1672226                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      68245197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9504603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       433112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       433112                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    204735463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     34829695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             239565158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1091922128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    128948856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1220870984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4427181                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         84282319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               84212917     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  69402      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           84282319                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       116448433500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       68245197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11393385000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
