
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.861840                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1861839784500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1861839784500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 821061                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1439015                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3057369317                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   608.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       431978560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          432021760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     77377024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        77377024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6749665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6750340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1209016                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1209016                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              23203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          232017042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             232040245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         23203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            23203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        41559443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             41559443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        41559443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             23203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         232017042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            273599688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6750340                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1209016                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6750340                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1209016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              428644096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 3377664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                77011008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               432021760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             77377024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  52776                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                  5689                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5524285                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            427942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            409839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            410568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            454801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            412013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            406911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            432793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            403983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            407343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            407297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           409768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           414147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           425173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           428408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           422115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           424463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             73452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             73016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             72671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            111840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             80241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             68531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             86958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             67612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             68374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             67463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            68018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            71478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            73667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            73723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            73100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            73153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1861839438500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6750340                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1209016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6697564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  37732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  38638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  70448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  70467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  70444                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  70432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  70428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  70434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  70426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  70428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  70458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  70428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  70427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  70428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  70424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  70424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  70423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  70423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5984176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     84.498691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.223627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.867869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5428667     90.72%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       406968      6.80%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        36064      0.60%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        16266      0.27%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10750      0.18%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11446      0.19%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12514      0.21%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8350      0.14%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        53151      0.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5984176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        70423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      95.104298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     57.316398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    129.093914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         63136     89.65%     89.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6792      9.64%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767          281      0.40%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          102      0.14%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           44      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           28      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           11      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            8      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            7      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         70423                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        70423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.086705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.057642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.993022                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            31786     45.14%     45.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              892      1.27%     46.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            37598     53.39%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              147      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         70423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 152762639750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            278341964750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                33487820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22808.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41558.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       230.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        41.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    232.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     41.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1342061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  574623                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 20.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                47.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     233918.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    24.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              22794904440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12437695875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             26199022200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4110400080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         121605850080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         953326756170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         280848123750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1421322752595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            763.399792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 461439349500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   62170680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1338229348500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              22445466120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12247030125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             26041969200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3686964480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         121605850080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         924382836180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         306237527250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1416647643435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            760.888767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 503501262750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   62170680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1296160844750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3723679569                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981010                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763601                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3723679569                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420256     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285044     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          28815372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            31.999934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           264962325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          28815404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.195163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          14587500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    31.999934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         616370862                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        616370862                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    196191041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       196191041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     68771284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       68771284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     264962325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        264962325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    264962325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       264962325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     25108130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      25108130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      3707274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3707274                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     28815404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       28815404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     28815404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      28815404                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 854826606500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 854826606500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  64687339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  64687339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 919513945500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 919513945500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 919513945500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 919513945500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.113458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.113458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.051150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34045.809326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34045.809326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 17448.761273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17448.761273                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31910.499867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31910.499867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31910.499867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31910.499867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     14695197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          14695197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     25108130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     25108130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3707274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3707274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     28815404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     28815404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     28815404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     28815404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 829718476500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 829718476500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  60980065000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60980065000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 890698541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 890698541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 890698541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 890698541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.113458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.051150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051150                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.098086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33045.809326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33045.809326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16448.761273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16448.761273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30910.499867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30910.499867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30910.499867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30910.499867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           616.945739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677317270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1001948.624260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   616.945739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.301243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.301243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.319824                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354636568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354636568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53310500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53310500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53310500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53310500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53310500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53310500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78861.686391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.686391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78861.686391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.686391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78861.686391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78861.686391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52634500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52634500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52634500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52634500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77861.686391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77861.686391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77861.686391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77861.686391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77861.686391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77861.686391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6740432                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16316.073625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    47148062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6756815                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.977853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              392462044500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3281.067764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.673171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      13033.332690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.200260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.795491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16383                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2894                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3451                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999939                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  68095562                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 68095562                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     14695197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         14695197                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            3463031                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3463031                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       18602708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          18602708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              22065739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 22065740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             22065739                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                22065740                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           244243                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              244243                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6505422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6505422                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6749665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6750340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6749665                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6750340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19057328000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   19057328000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51602000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     51602000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 596727846500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 596727846500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      51602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  615785174500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     615836776500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     51602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 615785174500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    615836776500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     14695197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     14695197                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        3707274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3707274                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     25108130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      25108130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          28815404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             28816080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         28815404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            28816080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.065882                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.065882                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.259096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.259096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.234238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.234256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.234238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.234256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78026.096961                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78026.096961                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76447.407407                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76447.407407                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91727.769006                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91727.769006                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76447.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91231.961068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91230.482687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76447.407407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91231.961068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91230.482687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1209016                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1209016                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        19322                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         19322                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       244243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         244243                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6505422                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6505422                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6749665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6750340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6749665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6750340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16614898000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16614898000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44852000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44852000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 531673626500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 531673626500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44852000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 548288524500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 548333376500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44852000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 548288524500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 548333376500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.065882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.259096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.234238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.234256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.234238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.234256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68026.096961                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68026.096961                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66447.407407                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66447.407407                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81727.769006                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81727.769006                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66447.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81231.961068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81230.482687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66447.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81231.961068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81230.482687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6506097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1209016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5524285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            244243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           244243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6506097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20233981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     20233981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               20233981                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    509398784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    509398784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               509398784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13483641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13483641    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13483641                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         18326797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        37625333250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     57631473                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     28815393                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          26453                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        26453                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          25108806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     15904213                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        19651591                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3707274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3707274                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     25108130                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     86446180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              86447553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2784678464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2784723072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6740432                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         35556512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.027266                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               35530059     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  26453      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           35556512                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        43510954500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       43223106000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
