
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.220090                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3220089953500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3220089953500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 628699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1101875                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4048932682                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   795.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           40576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       169554216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          169594792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         40576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19235336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19235336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             5072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         21194277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21199349                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2404417                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2404417                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              12601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           52655118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              52667719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         12601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5973540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5973540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5973540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             12601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          52655118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             58641259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21199349                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2404417                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21199349                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2404417                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1349381888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 7376448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                97827712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               169594792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             19235336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                 115257                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                875839                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     18760396                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1306294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1291697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1282736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1630075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1359177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1266762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1384327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1254155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1258110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1261989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1274203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1301880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1297866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1309632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1306443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1298746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             85422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             85421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             84757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            219809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            117612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             76544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            123838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             78318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             76900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             77561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            78315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            83995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            84676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            85970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            84922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            84498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3220083387500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              21199349                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              2404417                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                21084069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  10457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  11860                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  94069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  94151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  94158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  94141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  94138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      7063490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    204.885913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.059885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.854462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2580761     36.54%     36.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       711309     10.07%     46.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3300245     46.72%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       183440      2.60%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        45985      0.65%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        40671      0.58%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        44765      0.63%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21814      0.31%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       134500      1.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      7063490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     223.976959                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    126.183766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    266.377932                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         71394     75.84%     75.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         8633      9.17%     85.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         8062      8.56%     93.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         4110      4.37%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279         1564      1.66%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535          331      0.35%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           29      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.237935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.226132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.637767                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            82274     87.40%     87.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1397      1.48%     88.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            10391     11.04%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               73      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 209418816250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            604745541250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               105420460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9932.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28682.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       419.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        30.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     52.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14621620                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  927540                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                60.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     136422.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              27660346560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              15092451000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             84046739400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5648752080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         210320582160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1754593549290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         392936609250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2490299029740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            773.363273                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 642784196500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  107525860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2469779553500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25739637840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              14044445250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             80409178200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4256303760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         210320582160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1675039758795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         462720627750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2472530533755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            767.845263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 759044562500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  107525860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2353519173750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       6440179907                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 6440179907                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          64777115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           229311677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          64777243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.540004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          57727500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.999097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         358866163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        358866163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1977937406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1977937406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30144396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30144396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 271815196500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 271815196500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 2008081802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2008081802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 2008081802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2008081802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39830.968894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39830.968894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14750.663047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14750.663047                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20788.341658                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20788.341658                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38839.631312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38839.631312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38839.631312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38839.631312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     35323185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          35323185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1928279126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1928279126000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28100800000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28100800000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 258739829500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 258739829500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1956379926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1956379926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1956379926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1956379926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38830.968894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38830.968894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13750.663047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13750.663047                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19788.341658                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19788.341658                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37839.631312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37839.631312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37839.631312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37839.631312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2829862                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1730.211220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           674486304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2831630                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            238.197188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1730.211220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.844830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.844830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         680149564                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        680149564                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    674486304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       674486304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     674486304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        674486304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    674486304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       674486304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      2831630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2831630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      2831630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2831630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      2831630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2831630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37148817500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  37148817500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37148817500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  37148817500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  37148817500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  37148817500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13119.234328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.234328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13119.234328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.234328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13119.234328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13119.234328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      2829862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           2829862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2831630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2831630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2831630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2831630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      2831630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2831630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34317187500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34317187500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34317187500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34317187500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  34317187500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34317187500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.004181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004181                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12119.234328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.234328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12119.234328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.234328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12119.234328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12119.234328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21185820                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32439.144388                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    98801302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21218564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.656361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              609008313500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7714.526778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         35.876026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      24688.741584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.235429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.753441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 171553377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                171553377                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     35323185                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         35323185                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      2829862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          2829862                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1995495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1995495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         2826558                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2826558                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       30072222                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          30072222                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data       11515249                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total          11515249                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               2826558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              32067717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 34894275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              2826558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             32067717                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                34894275                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            48101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               48101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          5072                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             5072                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     19586058                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19586058                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1560118                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1560118                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                5072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            19634159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               19639231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               5072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           19634159                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              19639231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4081732500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4081732500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    390883500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    390883500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1537992495500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1537992495500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 118216664500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 118216664500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     390883500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1542074228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1542465111500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    390883500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1542074228000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1542465111500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     35323185                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     35323185                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      2829862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      2829862                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      2831630                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        2831630                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           2831630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             54533506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          2831630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         51701876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            54533506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.023537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001791                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001791                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.394417                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.394417                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119317                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.119317                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.379757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.360131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.379757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.360131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84857.539344                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84857.539344                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77066.936120                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77066.936120                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78524.861690                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78524.861690                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75774.181504                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75774.181504                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77066.936120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78540.375883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78539.995354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77066.936120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78540.375883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78539.995354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2404417                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2404417                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        74890                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         74890                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          48101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5072                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         5072                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19586058                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19586058                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1560118                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1560118                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           5072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       19634159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          19639231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          5072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      19634159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         19639231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3600722500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3600722500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    340163500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340163500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1342131915500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1342131915500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 102615484500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102615484500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    340163500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1345732638000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346072801500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    340163500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1345732638000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346072801500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.394417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119317                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119317                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.360131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.360131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74857.539344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74857.539344                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67066.936120                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67066.936120                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68524.861690                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68524.861690                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65774.181504                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65774.181504                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67066.936120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68540.375883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68539.995354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67066.936120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68540.375883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68539.995354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           19591130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2404417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         18760396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1608219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1608219                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      19591130                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     63563511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     63563511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               63563511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    188830128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    188830128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               188830128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          42364162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                42364162    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            42364162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         44794544500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        50093937750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    135215850                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     67606977                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          95897                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        95897                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          52489910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     37727602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      2829862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        48235333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       2831630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     49658280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8493122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    194331601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             202824723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     45291936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    696200488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              741492424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        21185820                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         88794693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032845                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               88698796     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  95897      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           88794693                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        86684448500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2831630000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       58239559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
