
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.783506                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1783506188500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1783506188500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33807                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59252                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              120591680                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14789.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          171136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       419318720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          419489856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       171136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        171136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     71372416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        71372416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6551855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6554529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1115194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1115194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              95955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          235109204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             235205159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         95955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            95955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        40018037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             40018037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        40018037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             95955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         235109204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            275223195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6554529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1115194                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6554529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1115194                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              418712384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  777472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71368960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               419489856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             71372416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  12148                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    37                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5422805                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            421672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            402332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            405040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            424945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            397749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            399962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            409604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            397695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            401849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            400417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           402262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           407123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           417947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           421145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           414839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           417800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             71035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             68940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             69200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             65853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             65602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            69656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            71885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            71424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1783489800500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6554529                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1115194                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6542381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  32845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  34304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5846102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     83.830447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    70.862582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.297403                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5332874     91.22%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       375470      6.42%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        31110      0.53%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        13803      0.24%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9994      0.17%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9575      0.16%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        13182      0.23%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8335      0.14%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        51759      0.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5846102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      99.930853                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     56.455314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    145.806923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         57690     88.12%     88.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6985     10.67%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767          421      0.64%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          178      0.27%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           89      0.14%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           41      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           20      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           20      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            9      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65469                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.033100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.003791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.998206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            31153     47.58%     47.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1403      2.14%     49.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            32515     49.66%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              389      0.59%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                9      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 149992007000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            272661650750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                32711905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22926.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41676.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       234.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        40.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    235.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     40.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1313912                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  497507                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 20.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                44.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     232536.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    23.66                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              22034406240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12022741500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25420192200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3628767600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         116489736480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         874914341940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         302633138250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1357143324210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            760.942510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 498117912750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   59555080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1225830119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              22162124880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12092429250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             25610379600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3597339600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         116489736480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         874038252510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         303401637750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1357391900070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            761.081885                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 499047472250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   59555080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1224900560250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3567012377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981010                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763601                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3567012377                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420256     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285044     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10223913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.098671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           283551768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10225961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.728618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1843936500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.098671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         597781419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        597781419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 645278066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 645278066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19468447500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19468447500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 664746513500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 664746513500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 664746513500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 664746513500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65283.687244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65283.687244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 56967.761050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56967.761050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65005.774372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65005.774372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65005.774372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65005.774372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2508433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2508433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 635393850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 635393850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19126702500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19126702500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 654520552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 654520552500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 654520552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 654520552500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64283.687244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64283.687244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55967.761050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55967.761050                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64005.774372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64005.774372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64005.774372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64005.774372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          13136756                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse            63.999742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           664181126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          13136820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             50.558745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          21359500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    63.999742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1367772712                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1367772712                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    664181126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       664181126                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     664181126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        664181126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    664181126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       664181126                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     13136820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      13136820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     13136820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       13136820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     13136820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      13136820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 171033847500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 171033847500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 171033847500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 171033847500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 171033847500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 171033847500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13019.425363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13019.425363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13019.425363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13019.425363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13019.425363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13019.425363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     13136756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          13136756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     13136820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13136820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     13136820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13136820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     13136820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13136820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157897027500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 157897027500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157897027500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 157897027500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 157897027500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 157897027500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.019395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12019.425363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12019.425363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12019.425363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12019.425363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12019.425363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12019.425363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6721626                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15870.444592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    38929099                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6737953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.777585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              488439903500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     4159.972526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         20.948006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      11689.524061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.253905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.713472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.968655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996521                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  53803147                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 53803147                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2508433                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2508433                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     13136755                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         13136755                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             132084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                132084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        13134146                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           13134146                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        3542022                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3542022                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              13134146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3674106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16808252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             13134146                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3674106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16808252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           209661                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              209661                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2674                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2674                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6342194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6342194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6551855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6554529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6551855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6554529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17224205000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   17224205000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230764000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    230764000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 583374646500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 583374646500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     230764000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  600598851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     600829615500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    230764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 600598851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    600829615500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2508433                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2508433                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     13136755                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     13136755                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     13136820                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       13136820                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          13136820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             23362781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         13136820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         10225961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            23362781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.613501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.613501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000204                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641649                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641649                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.640708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.280554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.640708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.280554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82152.641645                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82152.641645                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86299.177263                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86299.177263                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91983.097095                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91983.097095                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86299.177263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91668.520060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91666.329572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 86299.177263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91668.520060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91666.329572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1115194                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1115194                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       714366                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        714366                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       209661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         209661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2674                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2674                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6342194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6342194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6551855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6554529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6551855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6554529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15127595000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15127595000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    204024000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    204024000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 519952706500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 519952706500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    204024000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535080301500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535284325500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    204024000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 535080301500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535284325500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.613501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.640708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.280554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.640708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.280554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72152.641645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72152.641645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76299.177263                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76299.177263                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81983.097095                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81983.097095                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76299.177263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81668.520060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81666.329572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76299.177263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81668.520060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81666.329572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6344868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1115194                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5422805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            209661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           209661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6344868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19647057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19647057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19647057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    490862272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    490862272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               490862272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13092528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13092528    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13092528                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17591006500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36573665250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     46723450                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     23360669                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         897993                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       897993                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          23021036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3623627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     13136755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13321912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      13136820                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9884216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     39410395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30675835                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              70086230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1681508800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    815001216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2496510016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6721626                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         30084407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.029849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.170171                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               29186413     97.02%     97.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 897994      2.98%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           30084407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        39006914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       19705230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15338941500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
