
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.489492                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1489492012500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1489492012500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 703892                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1028317                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2096883875                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 830096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   710.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           53936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        34724568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           34778504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        53936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         53936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     14111512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14111512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4340571                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4347313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1763939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1763939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              36211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           23313027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              23349238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         36211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            36211                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         9474043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9474043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         9474043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             36211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          23313027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32823282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4347313                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1763939                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4347313                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1763939                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              277771840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  456192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71508672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                34778504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14111512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                646595                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2548833                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            275122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            269242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            286439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            265714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            264780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            269936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            276616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            269217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            254520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            253424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           265753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           279912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           273405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           268273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           275550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           292282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             70840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             68268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             65826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             65857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             68909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             68181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            67997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            69703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            81578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1489489500500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               4347313                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1763939                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4323796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   11126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    5263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  32745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  36134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2326772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    150.113740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.288570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   205.114885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1551719     66.69%     66.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       456734     19.63%     86.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       112792      4.85%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        44799      1.93%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35105      1.51%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18284      0.79%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        25996      1.12%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        14606      0.63%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        66737      2.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2326772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.251675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     40.365518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    894.707832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        65498     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            6      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::204800-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.056023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.027810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.978975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            29370     44.83%     44.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             3387      5.17%     50.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            32465     49.56%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              286      0.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65509                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  50987265500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            132365734250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                21700925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11747.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30497.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       186.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        48.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     23.35                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2694610                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  436125                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 62.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                39.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     243729.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    57.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               8772911280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4786806750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             16981107000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3542246640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          97286002320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         590998773780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         375271938750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1097639786520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            736.924952                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 620417442500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   49737220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  819334777500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               8817485040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4811127750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             16872328200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3698006400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          97286002320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         585995835330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         379660473000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1097141258040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            736.590260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 627686444000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   49737220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  812062862250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37843290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37843290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2243222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             33071034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                33057643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.959508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  726482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2978984025                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2978984025                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 33784125                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      2243222                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16981273                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.998034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           279004093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16981401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             16.429981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          58177500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.998034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         312966895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        312966895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    212129277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       212129277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     63027839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       63027839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      3846977                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      3846977                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     275157116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        275157116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    275157116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       275157116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     13801118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13801118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2611628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2611628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16429130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16429130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 378768622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 378768622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 118276313000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 118276313000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25509519000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  25509519000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 497044935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 497044935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 497044935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 497044935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125538                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.125538                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27444.778169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27444.778169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45288.346196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45288.346196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46190.220019                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46190.220019                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30284.081348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30284.081348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30253.880455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30253.880455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8469472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8469472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13801118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13801118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2611628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2611628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16429130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16429130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 364967504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 364967504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 115664685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 115664685000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1246168000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246168000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24957248000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24957248000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 480632189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 480632189000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 481878357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 481878357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26444.778169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26444.778169                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44288.346196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44288.346196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76060.058594                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76060.058594                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45190.220019                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45190.220019                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29284.081348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29284.081348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29330.728833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29330.728833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              5769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1840.233261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687390043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              7817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          87935.274786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1342005957500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1840.233261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.898551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.898551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         687405677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        687405677                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687390043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687390043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687390043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687390043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687390043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687390043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         7817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          7817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         7817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           7817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         7817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          7817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    527572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    527572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    527572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    527572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    527572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    527572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67490.341563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67490.341563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67490.341563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67490.341563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67490.341563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67490.341563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         5769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              5769                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         7817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    519755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    519755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    519755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    519755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    519755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    519755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66490.341563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66490.341563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66490.341563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66490.341563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66490.341563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66490.341563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4334477                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32641.367708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    26416837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4367232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.048874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               48963729500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10924.910299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         23.054256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      21693.403154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.333402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.662030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        22933                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999603                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  41507391                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 41507391                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8469472                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8469472                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         5769                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             5769                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1485738                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1485738                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       10900205                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          10900205                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data         254887                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total            254887                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                  1075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              12385943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 12387018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                 1075                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             12385943                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                12387018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1125890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1125890                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6742                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6742                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2917297                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2917297                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          297384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4043187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4049929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4043187                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4049929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  96146993500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   96146993500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    496742000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    496742000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 231035262000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 231035262000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21452528000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21452528000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     496742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  327182255500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     327678997500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    496742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 327182255500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    327678997500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8469472                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8469472                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         5769                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         5769                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2611628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2611628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         7817                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           7817                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     13817502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      13817502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        552271                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              7817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16429130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16436947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             7817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16429130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16436947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.431107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.431107                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.862479                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.862479                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.211131                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.211131                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.538475                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.538475                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.862479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.246099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.246392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.862479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.246099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.246392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85396.436153                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85396.436153                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73678.730347                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73678.730347                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79194.974663                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79194.974663                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72137.465365                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72137.465365                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73678.730347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80921.870668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80909.812863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 73678.730347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80921.870668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80909.812863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1763939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1763939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        25102                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         25102                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1125890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1125890                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6742                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6742                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2917297                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2917297                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4043187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4049929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4043187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4049929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  84888093500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84888093500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    429322000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429322000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 201862292000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 201862292000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18478688000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18478688000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    429322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 286750385500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 287179707500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    429322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 286750385500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 287179707500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.431107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.862479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862479                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.211131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.211131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.538475                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538475                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.862479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.246392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.862479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.246392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75396.436153                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75396.436153                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63678.730347                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63678.730347                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69194.974663                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69194.974663                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62137.465365                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62137.465365                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63678.730347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70921.870668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70909.812863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63678.730347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70921.870668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70909.812863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2924039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1763939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2548833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1423274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1423274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2924039                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13007398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     13007398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13007398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     48890016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     48890016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48890016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8660085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8660085    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8660085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10424029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10339534750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     33976260                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     16987042                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          46807                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        46807                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13825319                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10233411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         5769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        11082339                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2611628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2611628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          7817                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     13817502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       552271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       552271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        21403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50944075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              50965478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       108688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    199188816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              199297504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4334477                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         21323695                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046800                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               21276888     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  46807      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           21323695                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21225750500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           7817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16705265500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
