
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.606415                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1606414932500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1606414932500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32177                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56395                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              103380778                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15538.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       405835072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          405878528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     71109824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        71109824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6341173                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6341852                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1111091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1111091                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              27052                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          252634026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             252661078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         27052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            27052                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        44266162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             44266162                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        44266162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             27052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         252634026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            296927240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6341852                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1111091                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6341852                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1111091                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              405537216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  341312                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71108544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               405878528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             71109824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   5333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5213638                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            406921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            396600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            393145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            396733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            388192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            390151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            389949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            386517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            394637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            389285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           390744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           397123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           402355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           405684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           404964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           403519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             71286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             72436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             68256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             67580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             66296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             66303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            69488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            72009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            71372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1606398028500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6341852                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1111091                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6336519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  31168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  32108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5557083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.772654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    72.221653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   108.044173                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4962803     89.31%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       436525      7.86%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53966      0.97%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19368      0.35%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10910      0.20%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8950      0.16%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11427      0.21%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6425      0.12%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        46709      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5557083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      96.893862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     52.478837                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    162.739039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        65310     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047           85      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.989892                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.958928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.028535                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            33314     50.94%     50.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              907      1.39%     52.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            29821     45.60%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1238      1.89%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20              108      0.17%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                8      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65396                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 142958085250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            261767816500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31682595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22560.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41310.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       252.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        44.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    252.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     44.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1389587                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  500920                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 21.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     215538.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              20864322360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11384302875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             24556022400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3596574960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         104923047840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         820080081450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         244479084750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1229883436635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            765.608670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 401913289500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   53641640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1150857713000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21147225120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11538664500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             24868825800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3603165120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         104923047840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         818570261745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         245803488000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1230454678125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            765.964271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 403857582500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   53641640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1148913420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3212829865                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3212829865                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10214979                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.301415                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           283566706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10217027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.754327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1262801500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.301415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          607                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         597784493                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        597784493                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    211420403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       211420403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72146303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72146303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     283566706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        283566706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    283566706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       283566706                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      9878722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9878722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       338305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       338305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     10217027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10217027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 626600783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 626600783000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18886488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18886488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 645487271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 645487271000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 645487271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 645487271000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72484608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72484608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293783733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293783733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293783733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293783733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004667                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63429.336609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63429.336609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55826.807171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55826.807171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63177.602545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63177.602545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63177.602545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63177.602545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2700445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2700445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9878722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9878722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       338305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       338305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10217027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10217027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 616722061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 616722061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18548183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18548183000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 635270244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 635270244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 635270244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 635270244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62429.336609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62429.336609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54826.807171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54826.807171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62177.602545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62177.602545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62177.602545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62177.602545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                23                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           619.889896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677317254                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               680                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          996054.785294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   619.889896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.302681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.302681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          657                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.320801                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354636548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354636548                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677317254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677317254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677317254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677317254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677317254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677317254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           680                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53809500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53809500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53809500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53809500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53809500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53809500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79131.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79131.617647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79131.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79131.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79131.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79131.617647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           23                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                23                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53129500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53129500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53129500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78131.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78131.617647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78131.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78131.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78131.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78131.617647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6337202                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16322.442693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    13727644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6353581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.160615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               10783052000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2971.681508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.504770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      13347.256415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.181377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.814652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3573                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999695                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                2622078510                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses               2622078510                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2700445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2700445                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           23                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               23                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             128033                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                128033                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        3747821                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3747821                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3875854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3875855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3875854                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3875855                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           210272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              210272                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           679                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              679                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6130901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6130901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6341173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6341852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6341173                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6341852                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16696378000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   16696378000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52096500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52096500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562551857500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562551857500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      52096500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  579248235500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     579300332000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52096500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 579248235500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    579300332000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2700445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2700445                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           23                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           23                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         338305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            338305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            680                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      9878722                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9878722                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          10217027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             10217707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         10217027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            10217707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.621546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.621546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998529                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620617                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.620617                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.620648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.620673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.620648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.620673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79403.715188                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79403.715188                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76725.331370                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76725.331370                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91756.800102                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91756.800102                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76725.331370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91347.174332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91345.608822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76725.331370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91347.174332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91345.608822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1111091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1111091                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        13164                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         13164                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       210272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         210272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          679                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          679                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6130901                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6130901                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6341173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6341852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6341173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6341852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14593658000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14593658000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45306500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45306500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 501242847500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 501242847500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45306500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 515836505500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 515881812000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45306500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 515836505500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 515881812000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.621546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.621546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.620673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.620673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69403.715188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69403.715188                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66725.331370                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66725.331370                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81756.800102                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81756.800102                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66725.331370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81347.174332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81345.608822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66725.331370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81347.174332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81345.608822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6131580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1111091                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5213638                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            210272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           210272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6131580                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19008433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19008433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19008433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    476988352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    476988352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               476988352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12666581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                12666581    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12666581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17119642500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35358624500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     20432709                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10215002                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          25637                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        25637                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9879402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3811536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           23                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12740644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           338305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          338305                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           680                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9878722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1383                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30649032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              30650415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    826718208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              826763200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6337202                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16554909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001549                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16529271     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  25638      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16554909                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12916822500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15325540500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
