
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.258046                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1258045845500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1258045845500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37402                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    54641                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               94107525                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 845456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13368.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           51544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        25477248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           25528792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         51544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     12000272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12000272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          3184656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3191099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1500034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1500034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              40971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           20251446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              20292418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         40971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            40971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         9538819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9538819                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         9538819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             40971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          20251446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29831237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3191099                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1500034                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3191099                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1500034                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              204213952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   16384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55390848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                25528792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12000272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                634528                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1554001                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            205451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            200328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            199430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            195870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            194393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            196126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            201323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            198424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            193578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            192862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           198625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           201537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           202128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           200887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           203777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           206104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             54451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             53935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             54547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             51731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             52729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             51815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             55614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             55708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             53076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             52978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            54042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            53845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            54565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            54138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            56106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            56202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1258043196500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               3191099                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1500034                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 3174455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  25158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  29270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  50399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  50736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  50674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  50655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  50658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  50640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  50655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  50640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  50645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  50679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  50910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  51152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  50693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  50657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  50627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  50627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1599659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    162.287548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.250790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   227.817148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1066900     66.70%     66.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       287335     17.96%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        76936      4.81%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37099      2.32%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        27940      1.75%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13625      0.85%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11369      0.71%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9110      0.57%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        69345      4.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1599659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      63.023979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     38.348256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    418.966438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        50546     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           43      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143           31      0.06%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-18431            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::61440-63487            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         50627                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.095265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.067020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.980668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            21273     42.02%     42.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             4125      8.15%     50.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            24383     48.16%     98.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              826      1.63%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               19      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         50627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  34546013250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             94374319500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                15954215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10826.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29576.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       162.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        44.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     20.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2095138                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  361527                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     268174.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    60.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5998353480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3272911125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             12412483200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2789834400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          82169056320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         421306633935                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         385256924250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           913206196710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            725.895853                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 638090801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   42008720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  577943614750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6095068560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3325682250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             12476084400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2818488960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          82169056320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         420081535215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         386331564000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           913297479705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            725.968421                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 639814593000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   42008720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  576216932000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2516091691                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688907                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892952                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840558                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245127                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985459                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946750                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038709                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2516091691                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349070     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946750     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038709      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4637717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16332.853582                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           291331411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4654101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             62.596710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4744266500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 16332.853582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         596625125                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        596625125                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    222733040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       222733040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64494842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64494842                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      4103529                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      4103529                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     287227882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287227882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    287227882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287227882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3197365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3197365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1144634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1144634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       295718                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       295718                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4341999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4341999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4358383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4358383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 169086947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 169086947000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  87717892500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  87717892500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22017081000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  22017081000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 256804839500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 256804839500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 256804839500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 256804839500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399247                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399247                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067220                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.067220                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52883.216961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52883.216961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76634.009212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76634.009212                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74452.961943                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74452.961943                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59144.380158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59144.380158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58922.045057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58922.045057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2067981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2067981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3197365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3197365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1144634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1144634                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295718                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       295718                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4341999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4341999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4358383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4358383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 165889582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165889582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  86573258500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  86573258500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1253093000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1253093000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21721363000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21721363000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 252462840500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 252462840500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 253715933500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 253715933500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067220                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51883.216961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51883.216961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75634.009212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75634.009212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76482.727051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76482.727051                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73452.961943                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73452.961943                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58144.380158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58144.380158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58213.317531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58213.317531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3859.251876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687391420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          106688.098712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3859.251876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.235550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.235550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.384094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374802169                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374802169                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687391420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687391420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687391420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687391420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687391420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687391420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    485107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    485107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    485107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    485107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    485107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    485107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75292.099953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75292.099953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75292.099953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75292.099953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75292.099953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75292.099953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               150                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    478664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478664000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    478664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    478664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    478664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    478664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74292.099953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74292.099953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74292.099953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74292.099953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74292.099953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74292.099953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   3118389                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 125364.178401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4405886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   3246127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.357275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              196759050500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    55193.936512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         39.098243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      70131.143647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.421096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.535058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.956453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        127738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       127275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974564                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  13984890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 13984890                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2067981                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2067981                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          150                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              150                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             165077                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                165077                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1303755                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1303755                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data            613                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total               613                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1468832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1468832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1468832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1468832                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           979557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              979557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1909994                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1909994                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       295105                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          295105                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2889551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2895994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6443                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2889551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2895994                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  83122999000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   83122999000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    468999500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    468999500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 148632622000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 148632622000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21271349500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21271349500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     468999500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  231755621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     232224620500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    468999500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 231755621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    232224620500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2067981                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2067981                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          150                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          150                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1144634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1144634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3213749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3213749                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       295718                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        295718                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              6443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4358383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4364826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             6443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4358383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4364826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.855782                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.855782                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.594320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.594320                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997927                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.997927                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.662987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.662987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84857.745899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84857.745899                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72792.099953                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72792.099953                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77818.371157                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77818.371157                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72080.613680                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72080.613680                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72792.099953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80204.717273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80188.225701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72792.099953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80204.717273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80188.225701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1500034                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1500034                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       204011                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        204011                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       979557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         979557                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6443                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1909994                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1909994                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295105                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       295105                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2889551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2895994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2889551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2895994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  73327429000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  73327429000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    404569500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404569500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 129532682000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 129532682000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18320299500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18320299500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    404569500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 202860111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 203264680500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    404569500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 202860111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 203264680500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.855782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.594320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.997927                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997927                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.662987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.663484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.662987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.663484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74857.745899                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74857.745899                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62792.099953                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62792.099953                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67818.371157                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67818.371157                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62080.613680                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62080.613680                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62792.099953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70204.717273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70188.225701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62792.099953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70204.717273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70188.225701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1916437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1500034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1554001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1274662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1274662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1916437                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9436233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      9436233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9436233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37529064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     37529064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37529064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6245134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6245134    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6245134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7745171500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7546997500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9298411                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4637867                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         268365                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       268365                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3220192                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3568015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4188091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1144634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1144634                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          6443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3213749                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       295718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       295718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13945919                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              13958955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        52744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51410912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               51463656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3118389                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7778933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.034499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.182507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7510568     96.55%     96.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 268365      3.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7778933                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5683271000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6443000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4506242000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
