
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.252350                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4252350335500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4252350335500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 410383                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   719249                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3490186944                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1218.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1671864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       170324000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          171995864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1671864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1671864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19246240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19246240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           208983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         21290500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21499483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2405780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2405780                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             393162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           40054085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              40447247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        393162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           393162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4526024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4526024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4526024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            393162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          40054085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             44973271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21499483                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2405780                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21499483                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2405780                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1368700416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 7266496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                98272320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               171995864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             19246240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                 113539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                870245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     19060924                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1308522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1455336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1405152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1631202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1358973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1270150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1382662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1254499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1260036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1262618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1281144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1301808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1297836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1310134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1306412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1299460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             85400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             87231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             87541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            220629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            117638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             76908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            123205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             78376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             77192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             77635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            79336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            83995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            84675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            86081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            84939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            84724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  4252343637500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              21499483                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              2405780                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                21385924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  13856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  94230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  94299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  94295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  94288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  94285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      7226634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    202.995300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.744382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.076552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2669350     36.94%     36.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       748912     10.36%     47.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3322513     45.98%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       211579      2.93%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        42011      0.58%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        35995      0.50%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        37770      0.52%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        23404      0.32%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       135100      1.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      7226634                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     226.823936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    127.478297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    269.748815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         71337     75.66%     75.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         8585      9.11%     84.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         8068      8.56%     93.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         4190      4.44%     97.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279         1646      1.75%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535          409      0.43%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           30      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           10      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.285955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.271918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.695369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            80424     85.30%     85.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              824      0.87%     86.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            12973     13.76%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               62      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 212904323250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            613890773250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106929720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9955.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28705.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       321.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     40.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14765755                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  929060                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                60.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     177883.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              28721634480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              15671526750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             86318668800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5682493440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         277742415600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1864829742390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         915590778750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3194557260210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            751.246214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1511616985500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  141995100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2598731832000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25911718560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              14138338500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             80491694400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4267578960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         277742415600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1776823970805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         992788815750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3172164532575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            745.980244                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1640224518500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  141995100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2470124285250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       8504700671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 8504700671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          53726490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           240362302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          53726618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              4.473803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          54417500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.999587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1230082298                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1230082298                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    179145642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       179145642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      7602244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7602244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     53614416                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     53614416                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     186747886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        186747886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    186747886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       186747886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     42372365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      42372365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       673548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       673548                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data     10680705                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total     10680705                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     43045913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       43045913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     43045913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      43045913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1890194104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1890194104000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  12341762500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12341762500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 240984878500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 240984878500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1902535866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1902535866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1902535866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1902535866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.191282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.081388                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.166120                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.166120                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.187324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.187324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44609.124461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44609.124461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18323.508495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18323.508495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22562.637813                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22562.637813                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44197.828177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44197.828177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 44197.828177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44197.828177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     24737376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          24737376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     42372365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     42372365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       673548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       673548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10680705                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total     10680705                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     43045913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43045913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     43045913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43045913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1847821739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1847821739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11668214500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11668214500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 230304173500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 230304173500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1859489953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859489953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1859489953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859489953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.191282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.081388                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081388                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.166120                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166120                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43609.124461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43609.124461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17323.508495                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17323.508495                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21562.637813                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21562.637813                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43197.828177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43197.828177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43197.828177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43197.828177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          98155782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999555                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           579162024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          98155910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              5.900429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          45901500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         775473844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        775473844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1290066263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1290066263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1290066263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1290066263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1290066263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1290066263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13143.031968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13143.031968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13143.031968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13143.031968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13143.031968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13143.031968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191910353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191910353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191910353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191910353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191910353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191910353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12143.031968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12143.031968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12143.031968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12143.031968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12143.031968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12143.031968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21597187                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32173.614597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   270687508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21629930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     12.514488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11229.154869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        359.008222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20585.451507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.342687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.628218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32743                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18505                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999237                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 336748983                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                336748983                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     24737376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         24737376                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             625386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                625386                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        97946927                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           97946927                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       22692384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          22692384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data        9118348                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total           9118348                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              97946927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              23317770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                121264697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             97946927                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             23317770                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               121264697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            48162                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               48162                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        208983                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           208983                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     19679981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19679981                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1562357                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1562357                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              208983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            19728143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               19937126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             208983                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           19728143                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              19937126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4091339500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4091339500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  16233754500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  16233754500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1545950163500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1545950163500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 118540462000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 118540462000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   16233754500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1550041503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1566275257500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  16233754500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1550041503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1566275257500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     24737376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     24737376                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         673548                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            673548                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     42372365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      42372365                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data     10680705                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      10680705                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          43045913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            141201823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         98155910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         43045913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           141201823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.071505                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.071505                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.464453                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.464453                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146278                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.146278                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.002129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.458305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.141196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.002129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.458305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.141196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84949.534903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84949.534903                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77679.784959                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77679.784959                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78554.454067                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78554.454067                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75872.839562                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75872.839562                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77679.784959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78570.066275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78560.734255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77679.784959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78570.066275                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78560.734255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2405780                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2405780                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        91608                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         91608                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          48162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       208983                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       208983                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19679981                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19679981                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1562357                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1562357                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         208983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       19728143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          19937126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        208983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      19728143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         19937126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3609719500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3609719500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14143924500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14143924500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1349150353500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349150353500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 102916892000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102916892000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14143924500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1352760073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1366903997500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14143924500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1352760073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1366903997500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.464453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.146278                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146278                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.458305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.141196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.458305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.141196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74949.534903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74949.534903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67679.784959                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67679.784959                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68554.454067                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68554.454067                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65872.839562                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65872.839562                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67679.784959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68570.066275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68560.734255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67679.784959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68570.066275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68560.734255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           19888964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2405780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19060924                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1610519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1610519                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      19888964                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     64465670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     64465670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               64465670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    191242104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    191242104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               191242104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          42966187                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                42966187    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            42966187                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         45397531500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        50810192750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    303764800                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    151882272                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         222091                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       222091                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         140528275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     27143156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     98155782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        48180521                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           673548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          673548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      98155910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     42372365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq     10680705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp     10680705                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    294467602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    161179726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             455647328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1570493536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    542266312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2112759848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        21597187                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        173479715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001280                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035757                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              173257624     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 222091      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          173479715                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       213328979000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       98155910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       48386265500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
