
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.302945                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4302944533500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4302944533500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65353                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114539                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              562420543                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826928                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7650.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          181248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       163379184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          163560432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       181248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        181248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     15763192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        15763192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            22656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         20422398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            20445054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1970399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1970399                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              42122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           37969159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              38011281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         42122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            42122                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3663350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3663350                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3663350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             42122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          37969159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             41674631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    20445054                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1970399                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  20445054                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1970399                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1308159040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  324416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                88148608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               163560432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             15763192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   5069                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                593050                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     18441881                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1302859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1291435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1284738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1298645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1259724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1254954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1267676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1252876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1266226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1253695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1256193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1282457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1287710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1295428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1294436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1290933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             86901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             86535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             86035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            108918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             86389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             80748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             85969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             80683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             81476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             80427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            81407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            84875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            86933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            86654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            86446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            86926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  4302916694500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              20445054                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1970399                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                20439981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  18101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  82589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  83829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  83839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  83826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  83834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  83844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  83829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  83885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  84101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  83912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  84493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  84140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  83814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  83817                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  83792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  83792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6320397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    220.920877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   169.016673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.159276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2055714     32.53%     32.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       487605      7.71%     40.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3246324     51.36%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       243028      3.85%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        27279      0.43%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        28468      0.45%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        59771      0.95%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        13692      0.22%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       158516      2.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6320397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        83792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     243.937190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    106.016813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    464.072426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        82379     98.31%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095         1411      1.68%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-34815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         83792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        83792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.437393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.416773                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.843153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            65813     78.54%     78.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               96      0.11%     78.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17109     20.42%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              761      0.91%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               12      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         83792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 189189839250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            572439558000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               102199925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9255.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28005.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       304.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        20.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     38.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14608205                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  888705                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 71.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                64.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     191962.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    71.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              23768753400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12969061875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             79660674600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4550113440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         281047038480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1679455582425                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1108556714250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3190007938470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            741.355613                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1834124024000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  143684580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2325130352250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              24013447920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              13102575750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             79771208400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4374933120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         281047038480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1678987750365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1108967093250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3190264047285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            741.415133                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1834494224750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  143684580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2324760151500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       8605889067                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 8605889067                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          64777115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           229311677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          64777243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.540004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          57877500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.999323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         358866163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        358866163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1925165007500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1925165007500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  29928589500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  29928589500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 262657937000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 262657937000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1955093597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1955093597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1955093597000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1955093597000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38768.257932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38768.257932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14645.061695                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14645.061695                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20087.997301                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20087.997301                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37814.751577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37814.751577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37814.751577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37814.751577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     35337203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          35337203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1875506727500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1875506727500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27884993500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27884993500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 249582570000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 249582570000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1903391721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903391721000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1903391721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1903391721000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37768.257932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37768.257932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13645.061695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13645.061695                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19087.997301                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19087.997301                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36814.751577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36814.751577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 36814.751577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36814.751577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          98155782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           579162024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          98155910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              5.900429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          46211500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         775473844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        775473844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1277471324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1277471324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1277471324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1277471324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1277471324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1277471324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13014.716322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13014.716322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13014.716322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13014.716322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13014.716322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13014.716322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1179315414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1179315414000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1179315414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1179315414000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1179315414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1179315414000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12014.716322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12014.716322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12014.716322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12014.716322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12014.716322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12014.716322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  20419452                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32696.530595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   290294439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  20452196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     14.193803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               18987366000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    12122.140751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        399.132634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20175.257210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.369938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.012181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.615700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        24456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1562                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses              5339024934359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses             5339024934359                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     35337203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         35337203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1996646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1996646                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        98133254                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           98133254                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       30746687                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          30746687                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data       11611512                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total          11611512                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              98133254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              32743333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                130876587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             98133254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             32743333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               130876587                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            46950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               46950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         22656                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            22656                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     18911593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        18911593                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1463855                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1463855                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               22656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            18958543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               18981199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              22656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           18958543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              18981199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3853840500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3853840500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1682382000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1682382000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1478136604500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1478136604500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 108048643500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 108048643500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    1682382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1481990445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1483672827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1682382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1481990445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1483672827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     35337203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     35337203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            149857786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         98155910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         51701876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           149857786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.022974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.022974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000231                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.380835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.380835                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.111955                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.111955                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.366690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.126661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.366690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.126661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82083.929712                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82083.929712                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74257.680085                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74257.680085                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78160.343473                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78160.343473                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73811.028756                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73811.028756                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74257.680085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78170.060062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78165.390237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74257.680085                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78170.060062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78165.390237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1970399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1970399                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            11                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        46950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          46950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        22656                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     18911593                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     18911593                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1463855                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1463855                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          22656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       18958543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          18981199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         22656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      18958543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         18981199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3384340500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3384340500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1455822000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1455822000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1289020674500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1289020674500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93410093500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93410093500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1455822000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1292405015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1293860837000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1455822000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1292405015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1293860837000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.380835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.111955                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111955                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.366690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.126661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.366690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.126661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72083.929712                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72083.929712                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64257.680085                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64257.680085                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68160.343473                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68160.343473                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63811.028756                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63811.028756                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64257.680085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68170.060062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68165.390237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64257.680085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68170.060062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68165.390237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18934249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1970399                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         18441881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1510805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1510805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      18934249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     61302388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     61302388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               61302388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    179323624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    179323624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               179323624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          40857334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                40857334    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            40857334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         42857711000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        48168635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    325866050                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    162932897                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           7183                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         7183                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         147814190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     37307602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     98155782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        47888965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      98155910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     49658280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    294467602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    194331601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             488799203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1570493536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    696312632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2266806168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        20419452                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        183352605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000039                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.006259                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              183345422    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   7183      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          183352605                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       229679517500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       98155910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       58239559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
