
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.258030                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1258030112500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1258030112500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 135593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   198087                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              341159157                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 845200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3687.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           51944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        25478008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           25529952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         51944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     11999824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        11999824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             6493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          3184751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             3191244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1499978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1499978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              41290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           20252304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              20293594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         41290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            41290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         9538582                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              9538582                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         9538582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             41290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          20252304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29832176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     3191244                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1499978                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   3191244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1499978                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              204222144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   17472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55386688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                25529952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             11999824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                634544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      1554156                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            205446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            200327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            199220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            195868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            194398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            196127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            201319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            198442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            193634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            192861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           198625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           201535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           202128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           200882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           203775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           206384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             54482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             53978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             54402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             51704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             52717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             51777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             55611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             55797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             53073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             52994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            54010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            53794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            54590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            54111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            56101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            56276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1258027624500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               3191244                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1499978                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 3174582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  25317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  29456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  50387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  50686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  50656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  50634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  50622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  50615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  50621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  50615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  50626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  50638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  50871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  51153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  50674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  50635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  50602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  50601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1599742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    162.281648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.227288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   227.847387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1067474     66.73%     66.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       286860     17.93%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        76607      4.79%     89.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        37368      2.34%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        27895      1.74%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        13654      0.85%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11514      0.72%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9025      0.56%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        69345      4.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1599742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      63.059999                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     38.395092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    402.889726                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        50518     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           44      0.09%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143           31      0.06%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-20479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26624-28671            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::45056-47103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::57344-59391            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         50601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.102765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.074554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.979994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            21071     41.64%     41.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             4141      8.18%     49.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            24519     48.46%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              858      1.70%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               12      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         50601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  34524074250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             94354780500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                15954855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10819.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29569.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       162.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        44.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     20.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      9.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2095393                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  361252                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                41.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     268166.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    60.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5996992680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               3272168625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             12410938800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2789432640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          82168039200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         421546541805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         385037135250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           913221249000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            725.916804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 637726759500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   42008200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  578292604500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               6097056840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               3326767125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             12478627200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2818469520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          82168039200                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         420097265505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         386308422000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           913294647390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            725.975156                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 639770047250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   42008200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  576246425250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2516060225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2516060225                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           4637569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse         16332.868103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           291331541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           4653953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             62.598729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4747905500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 16332.868103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         596624941                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        596624941                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    222733104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       222733104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64494845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64494845                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      4103592                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      4103592                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     287227949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287227949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    287227949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287227949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3197291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3197291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1144622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1144622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       295656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       295656                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      4341913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4341913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      4358297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4358297                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 169107020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 169107020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  87679214500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  87679214500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22015998000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  22015998000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 256786234500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 256786234500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 256786234500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 256786234500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067206                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.067206                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52890.719049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52890.719049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76601.021560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76601.021560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74464.911925                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74464.911925                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59141.266649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59141.266649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58918.938865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58918.938865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2067711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2067711                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3197291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3197291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1144622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1144622                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       295656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4341913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4341913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4358297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4358297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 165909729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 165909729000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  86534592500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  86534592500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1253377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1253377000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21720342000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21720342000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 252444321500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 252444321500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 253697698500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 253697698500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017438                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.067206                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067206                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51890.719049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51890.719049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75601.021560                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75601.021560                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76500.061035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76500.061035                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73464.911925                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73464.911925                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58141.266649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58141.266649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58210.282250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58210.282250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               154                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          3906.101597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687391367                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              6493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          105866.528107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3906.101597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.238410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.238410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.386902                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374802213                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374802213                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687391367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687391367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687391367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687391367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687391367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687391367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    489059500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    489059500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    489059500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    489059500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    489059500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    489059500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75321.038041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75321.038041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75321.038041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75321.038041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75321.038041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75321.038041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               154                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    482566500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482566500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    482566500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    482566500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    482566500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    482566500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74321.038041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74321.038041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74321.038041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74321.038041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74321.038041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74321.038041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   3118422                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 125361.969599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4405607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   3246158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.357176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              196745910500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    55191.942708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         39.510226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      70130.516665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.421081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.535053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.956436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        127736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4       127275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974548                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  13984605                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 13984605                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2067711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2067711                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          154                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              154                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             165098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                165098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1303552                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1303552                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data            552                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total               552                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1468650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1468650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1468650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1468650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           979524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              979524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1910123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1910123                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       295104                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          295104                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                6493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             2889647                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                2896140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               6493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            2889647                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               2896140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  83084130500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   83084130500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    472827000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    472827000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 148655295000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 148655295000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21271062000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21271062000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     472827000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  231739425500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     232212252500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    472827000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 231739425500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    232212252500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2067711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2067711                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          154                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          154                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1144622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1144622                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3213675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3213675                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       295656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        295656                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              6493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           4358297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4364790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             6493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          4358297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4364790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.855762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.855762                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.594373                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.594373                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998133                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.998133                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.663022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.663523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.663022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.663523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84820.923734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84820.923734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72821.038041                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72821.038041                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77824.985616                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77824.985616                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72079.883702                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72079.883702                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72821.038041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80196.448044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80179.912746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 72821.038041                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80196.448044                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80179.912746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1499978                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1499978                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       204137                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        204137                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       979524                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         979524                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6493                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1910123                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1910123                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295104                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       295104                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           6493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        2889647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           2896140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          6493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       2889647                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          2896140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  73288890500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  73288890500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    407897000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    407897000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 129554065000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 129554065000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18320022000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18320022000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    407897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 202842955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 203250852500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    407897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 202842955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 203250852500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.855762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.594373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998133                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998133                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.663022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.663523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.663022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.663523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74820.923734                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74820.923734                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62821.038041                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62821.038041                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67824.985616                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67824.985616                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62079.883702                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62079.883702                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62821.038041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70196.448044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70179.912746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62821.038041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70196.448044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70179.912746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1916616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1499978                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          1554156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1274628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1274628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1916616                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9436622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      9436622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                9436622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     37529776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     37529776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37529776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           6245378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 6245378    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             6245378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          7745359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         7547162500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      9298169                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      4637723                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         268425                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       268425                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3220168                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3567689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          154                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         4188302                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1144622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1144622                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          6493                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3213675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       295656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       295656                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     13945475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              13958615                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        53176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51408064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               51461240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         3118422                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          7778868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.034507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.182527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                7510443     96.55%     96.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 268425      3.45%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            7778868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5683017000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6493000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4506125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
