
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.985794                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3985793684500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3985793684500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 423443                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   742138                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3375512037                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1180.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1586048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       168237048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          169823096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1586048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1586048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     17353440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        17353440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           198256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         21029631                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21227887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2169180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2169180                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             397925                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           42209171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              42607096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        397925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           397925                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4353823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4353823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4353823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            397925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          42209171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             46960919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21227887                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2169180                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21227887                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2169180                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1353774720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 4810048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                91388416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               169823096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             17353440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  75157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                741211                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     19025902                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1307132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1442086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1379654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1510913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1320077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1269546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1353493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1253297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1259145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1261295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1283420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1303783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1296648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1308771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1304853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1298617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             84435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             85928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             84903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            166606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             98523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             76380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            102230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             77251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             76710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             76717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            77943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            83125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            83962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            85257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            83915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            84059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3985790010500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              21227887                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              2169180                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                21152711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  10252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  10854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  87657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  87937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  87929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  87926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  87929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  87925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  87927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  87931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  87986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  87942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  88023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  88001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  87951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  87937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  87923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  87922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      7091383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    203.791401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   155.503309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.291529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2602610     36.70%     36.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       708820     10.00%     46.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3306064     46.62%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       206731      2.92%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        38688      0.55%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        34294      0.48%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        35785      0.50%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        23121      0.33%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       135270      1.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      7091383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        87922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     240.584609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    123.844015                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    323.219233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         68885     78.35%     78.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         4912      5.59%     83.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         5299      6.03%     89.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         4449      5.06%     95.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279         2885      3.28%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535         1218      1.39%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791          170      0.19%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           53      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           25      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           18      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         87922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        87922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.241032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.228863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.647786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            77061     87.65%     87.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              603      0.69%     88.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            10186     11.59%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               71      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         87922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 209113165250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            605726852750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               105763650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9885.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28635.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       339.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        22.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     42.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14639395                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  849895                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                59.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     170354.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              27788760720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              15162518250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             84522313200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5030138880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         260332372560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1765763413785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         842558369250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3001157886645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            752.964490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1390760160750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  133094260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2461935309250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25822094760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              14089436625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             80468949600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4222938240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         260332372560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1732230397575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         871973295750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2989139485110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            749.949177                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1439530264250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  133094260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2413164897000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       7971587369                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 7971587369                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          33013296                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.549690                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           261073576                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          33015344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.907644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7615639500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.549690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          728                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          887                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         327104264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        327104264                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    192712783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       192712783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8207103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8207103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     60153690                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     60153690                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     200919886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        200919886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    200919886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       200919886                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     28805224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      28805224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        68689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        68689                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data      4141431                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total      4141431                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     28873913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       28873913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     28873913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      28873913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1704936388500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1704936388500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4590799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4590799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 146989823500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 146989823500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1709527187500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1709527187500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1709527187500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1709527187500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064413                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.064413                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59188.444030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59188.444030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66834.558663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66834.558663                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35492.520218                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35492.520218                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59206.633597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59206.633597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 59206.633597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59206.633597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8287090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8287090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     28805224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     28805224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        68689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        68689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4141431                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total      4141431                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     28873913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     28873913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     28873913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     28873913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1676131164500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1676131164500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4522110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4522110000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 142848392500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 142848392500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1680653274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680653274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1680653274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1680653274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.130036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.064413                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064413                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58188.444030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58188.444030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65834.558663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65834.558663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34492.520218                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34492.520218                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58206.633597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58206.633597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 58206.633597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58206.633597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          98155782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           579162024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          98155910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              5.900429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          45792500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         775473844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        775473844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1289329126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1289329126000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1289329126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1289329126000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1289329126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1289329126000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13135.522110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13135.522110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13135.522110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13135.522110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13135.522110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13135.522110                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191173216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191173216000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191173216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191173216000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191173216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191173216000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12135.522110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12135.522110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12135.522110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12135.522110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12135.522110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12135.522110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21456824                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31549.701418                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   235478331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21489225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.957972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              2815947337500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    10843.542865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        359.016688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20347.141865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.330919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.620945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.962820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5465                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7893                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988800                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 288039677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                288039677                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8287090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8287090                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              20670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 20670                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        97957654                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           97957654                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        9260460                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           9260460                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data        2704583                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total           2704583                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              97957654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               9281130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                107238784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             97957654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              9281130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               107238784                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            48019                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               48019                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        198256                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           198256                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     19544764                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19544764                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1436848                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1436848                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              198256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            19592783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               19791039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             198256                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           19592783                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              19791039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4201918500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4201918500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15383984000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  15383984000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1535682194500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1535682194500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 108238124500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 108238124500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   15383984000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1539884113000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1555268097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15383984000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1539884113000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1555268097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8287090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8287090                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          68689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             68689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     28805224                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      28805224                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data      4141431                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total       4141431                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          28873913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            127029823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         98155910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         28873913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           127029823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.699078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.699078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002020                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002020                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.678515                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.678515                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.346945                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.346945                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.002020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.678563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.155798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.002020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.678563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.155798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 87505.331223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87505.331223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77596.562021                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77596.562021                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78572.562682                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78572.562682                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75330.253792                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75330.253792                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77596.562021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78594.455571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78584.459209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77596.562021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78594.455571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78584.459209                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2169180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2169180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks      1154076                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total       1154076                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48019                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          48019                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       198256                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       198256                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19544764                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19544764                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1436848                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1436848                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         198256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       19592783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          19791039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        198256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      19592783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         19791039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3721728500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3721728500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13401424000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13401424000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1340234554500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1340234554500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  93869644500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  93869644500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13401424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1343956283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1357357707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13401424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1343956283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1357357707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.699078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.678515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.678515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.346945                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346945                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.678563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.155798                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.678563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.155798                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77505.331223                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77505.331223                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67596.562021                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67596.562021                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68572.562682                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68572.562682                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65330.253792                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65330.253792                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67596.562021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68594.455571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68584.459209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67596.562021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68594.455571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68584.459209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           19743020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2169180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19025902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1484867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1484867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      19743020                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     63650856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     63650856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               63650856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    187176536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    187176536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               187176536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          42422969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                42422969    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            42422969                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         44617683500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        50180779250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    262340332                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    131169078                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops        1415818                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops      1415818                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         126961134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10456270                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     98155782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        44013850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            68689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           68689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      98155910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     28805224                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq      4141431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp      4141431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    294467602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     99043984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             393511586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1570493536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    297288024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1867781560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        21456824                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        152628078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.009276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.095866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              151212260     99.07%     99.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1415818      0.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          152628078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       184391602000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       98155910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       30944628500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
