
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.061444                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1061444122500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1061444122500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 142642                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   208386                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              302813547                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 828416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3505.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           64000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        48022464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           48086464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        64000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         64000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     24876480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        24876480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1000                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           750351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              751351                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        388695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             388695                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              60295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           45242574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              45302869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         60295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            60295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        23436448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23436448                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        23436448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             60295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          45242574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             68739317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      751351                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     388695                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    751351                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   388695                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               47984640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  101824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                24872320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                48086464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             24876480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1591                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    39                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       345310                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             49023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             47528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             47688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             45001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             44483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             44158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             45998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             45172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             43029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             43390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            47188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            47599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            49418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            49372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            49759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            50954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             25143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             24652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             25728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             23141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            24132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            24701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            25284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            26411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1061411528500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                751351                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               388695                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  741131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22351                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22400                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  22365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  22362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  22376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       578969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.839138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.252139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   155.530959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       400601     69.19%     69.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       116461     20.12%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25800      4.46%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9873      1.71%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12774      2.21%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2218      0.38%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1647      0.28%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1386      0.24%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8209      1.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       578969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      33.537508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.581520                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    167.513849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        22348     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.384478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.358695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.934473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6691     29.93%     29.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              794      3.55%     33.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14462     64.69%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              400      1.79%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  11022385250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             25080385250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3748800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14701.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33451.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        45.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     45.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   355690                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  203731                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                52.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     931025.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2153277000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1174903125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2878597800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1249648560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          69327916320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         226458083025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         438215010000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           741457435830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            698.540887                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 727645052250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   35443720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  298348660250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2223728640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1213344000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2969530200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1268673840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          69327916320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         229055613210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         435936474750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           741995280960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            699.047601                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 723824648250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   35443720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  302169064250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2122888245                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2122888245                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2042531                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.206822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293940866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2044579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            143.765962                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3524721500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2042.206822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          608                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594015469                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594015469                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224491166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224491166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69449700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69449700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293940866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293940866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293940866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293940866                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1439192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1439192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       589003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       589003                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2028195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2028195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2044579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2044579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  49168373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49168373000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30734966500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30734966500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  79903339500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79903339500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  79903339500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79903339500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34163.873201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34163.873201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52181.341182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52181.341182                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39396.280683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39396.280683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39080.583093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39080.583093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       231782                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5385                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.042154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       948195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            948195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1439192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1439192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       589003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       589003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2028195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2028195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2044579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2044579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47729181000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47729181000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30145963500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30145963500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1281076463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1281076463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  77875144500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  77875144500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  79156220963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  79156220963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33163.873201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33163.873201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51181.341182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51181.341182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78190.702087                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78190.702087                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38396.280683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38396.280683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38715.168728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38715.168728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           686.667175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396859                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          686710.148851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   686.667175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.335287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.335287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.488770                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5499183881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5499183881                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1001                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78571500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78571500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78571500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78571500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78571500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78571500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78493.006993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78493.006993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78493.006993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78493.006993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78493.006993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78493.006993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77570500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77570500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77570500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77493.006993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77493.006993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77493.006993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77493.006993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77493.006993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77493.006993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    757072                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15645.730764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2657830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    772992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.438367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              133424907500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7491.309761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.914032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       8150.506972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.457233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.497467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.954940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         15920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971680                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5450105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5450105                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       948195                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           948195                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             280618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                280618                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1013610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1013610                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1294228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1294229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1294228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1294229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           308385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              308385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       441966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          441966                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              750351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 751351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             750351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                751351                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26315969000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   26315969000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76057000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     76057000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36183916000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  36183916000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      76057000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   62499885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      62575942000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  62499885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     62575942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       948195                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       948195                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         589003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            589003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1001                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1455576                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1455576                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2044579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2045580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2044579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2045580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.523571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.523571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999001                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999001                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.303636                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.303636                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.366995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.366995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85334.789306                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85334.789306                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76057                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        76057                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81870.361068                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81870.361068                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83294.198315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83284.566068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        76057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83294.198315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83284.566068                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               388695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    388695                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        68060                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         68060                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       308385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         308385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       441966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       441966                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         750351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            751351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        750351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           751351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23232119000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23232119000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66057000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66057000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31764256000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31764256000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66057000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  54996375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55062432000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66057000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  54996375000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55062432000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.523571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.303636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.366995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.366995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75334.789306                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75334.789306                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        66057                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66057                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71870.361068                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71870.361068                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        66057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73294.198315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73284.566068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        66057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73294.198315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73284.566068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             442966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       388695                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           345310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            308385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           308385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        442966                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2236707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2236707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2236707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     72962944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     72962944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                72962944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1485356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1485356    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1485356                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3048121500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4065013000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4088111                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2042531                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          91127                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        91127                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1456577                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1336890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1462712                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           589003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          589003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1001                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1455576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6131688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6133690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    191537536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              191601600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          757072                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2802652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.032515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.177363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2711524     96.75%     96.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  91128      3.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2802652                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2992250500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1501500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3066868500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
