
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.685740                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1685740042500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1685740042500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  67391                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   118112                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              227208474                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 824860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7419.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       447333440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          447377216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     76252736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        76252736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6989585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6990269                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1191449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1191449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              25968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          265363240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             265389209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         25968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        45233983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             45233983                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        45233983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             25968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         265363240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            310623191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6990269                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1191449                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6990269                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1191449                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              446909632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  467584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                76251584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               447377216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             76252736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7306                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5790060                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            447174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            438073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            433065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            434863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            426718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            428850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            428460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            427426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            434664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            430307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           432839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           438832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           442326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           447517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           447296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           444553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             76760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             76457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             76191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             77171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             73384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             70916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             73037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             71278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             72196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             71061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            71403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            74670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            76965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            76895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            76402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            76645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1685723030500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6990269                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1191449                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6982963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  28110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  28796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  70520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  70954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  70875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  70846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  70842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  70885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  70901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  70847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  70968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  70906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  71439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  71182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  70842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  70855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  70826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  70826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5949289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     87.936763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    72.557821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   116.577338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5318178     89.39%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       443988      7.46%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        52850      0.89%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        23135      0.39%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15169      0.25%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15099      0.25%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        15399      0.26%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8546      0.14%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        56925      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5949289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        70826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      98.591026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     46.910066                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    185.619033                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         67010     94.61%     94.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023         3454      4.88%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535          339      0.48%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           21      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         70826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        70826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.821944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.792293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.007627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            42040     59.36%     59.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              668      0.94%     60.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            26839     37.89%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1247      1.76%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               32      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         70826                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 156709193500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            287639749750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                34914815000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22441.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41191.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       265.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        45.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    265.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     45.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1526532                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  698573                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 21.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                58.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     206035.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    27.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              22293820080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12164286750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             27024106200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3856857120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         110104257120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         874895136930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         243991491750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1294329955950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            767.811624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 400748470500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   56290520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1228699967000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              22682804760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12376530375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             27443005200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3863615760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         110104257120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         873565832520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         245157548250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1295193593985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            768.323944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 402446545500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   56290520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1227001892000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3371480085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3371480085                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12496751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.838903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           281285958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12497775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.506883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         679550500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.838903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1187632707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1187632707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    209215641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       209215641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72070317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72070317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     281285958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        281285958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    281285958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       281285958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12083484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12083484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       414291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       414291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12497775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12497775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 705885164500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 705885164500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  20752044000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  20752044000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 726637208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 726637208500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 726637208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 726637208500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72484608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72484608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293783733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293783733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293783733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293783733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58417.354175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58417.354175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50090.501604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50090.501604                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58141.325836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58141.325836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 58141.325836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58141.325836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2442642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2442642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12083484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12083484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       414291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       414291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12497775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12497775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 693801680500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 693801680500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20337753000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20337753000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 714139433500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 714139433500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 714139433500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 714139433500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57417.354175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57417.354175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49090.501604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49090.501604                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57141.325836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57141.325836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57141.325836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57141.325836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             38015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           487.787892                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677279408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             38526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          17579.800862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   487.787892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.476355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.476355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.499023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         677356460                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        677356460                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677279408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677279408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677279408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677279408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677279408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677279408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        38526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         38526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        38526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          38526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        38526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         38526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    547578500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    547578500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    547578500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    547578500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    547578500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    547578500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14213.219644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14213.219644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14213.219644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14213.219644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14213.219644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14213.219644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        38015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             38015                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        38526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    509052500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    509052500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    509052500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    509052500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    509052500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    509052500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13213.219644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13213.219644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13213.219644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13213.219644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13213.219644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13213.219644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6986225                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8179.333661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    17661951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6994411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.525152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                4769612000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1340.596251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.919338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       6836.818072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.163647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.834573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses              102698495038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses             102698495038                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2442642                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2442642                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        38014                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total            38014                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             191528                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                191528                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst           37842                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              37842                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        5316662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           5316662                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                 37842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               5508190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  5546032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                37842                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              5508190                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 5546032                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           222763                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              222763                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           684                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              684                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6766822                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6766822                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6989585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6990269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                684                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6989585                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6990269                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17705271000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   17705271000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53918000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     53918000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 619851501000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 619851501000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      53918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  637556772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     637610690000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 637556772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    637610690000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2442642                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2442642                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        38014                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total        38014                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         414291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            414291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        38526                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          38526                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12083484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12083484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst             38526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12536301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst            38526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         12497775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12536301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.537697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.537697                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017754                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.017754                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.560006                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.560006                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.017754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.559266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.557602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.017754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.559266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.557602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79480.304180                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79480.304180                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78827.485380                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78827.485380                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91601.567324                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91601.567324                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78827.485380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91215.254125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91214.041977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78827.485380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91215.254125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91214.041977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1191449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1191449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          407                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           407                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       222763                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         222763                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          684                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          684                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6766822                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6766822                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6989585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6990269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6989585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6990269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15477641000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15477641000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47078000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47078000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 552183281000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 552183281000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 567660922000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 567708000000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     47078000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 567660922000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 567708000000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.537697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.560006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.559266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.557602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.017754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.559266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.557602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69480.304180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69480.304180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68827.485380                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68827.485380                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81601.567324                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81601.567324                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68827.485380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81215.254125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81214.041977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68827.485380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81215.254125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81214.041977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6767506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1191449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5790060                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            222763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           222763                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6767506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20962047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     20962047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               20962047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    523629952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    523629952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               523629952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13971778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13971778    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13971778                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         18746271000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        38960329250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     25071067                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12534766                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           5123                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5123                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12122010                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3634091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        38014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        15848885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           414291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          414291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         38526                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12083484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       115066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37492301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              37607367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4898560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    956186688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              961085248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6986225                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         19522526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.016199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               19517402     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   5124      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           19522526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        15016190500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          57789000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18746662500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
