
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.061455                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1061454927500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1061454927500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  38089                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55644                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               80859860                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 828676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13127.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           63552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        48032640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           48096192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        63552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         63552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     24881728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        24881728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              993                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           750510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              751503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        388777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             388777                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              59873                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           45251700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              45311573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         59873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            59873                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        23441154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             23441154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        23441154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             59873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          45251700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             68752726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      751503                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     388777                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    751503                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   388777                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               47996288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   99904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                24877504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                48096192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             24881728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1561                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    36                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       345397                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             49023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             47518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             47929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             44999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             44487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             44161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             45996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             45158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             43021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             43392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            47180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            47601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            49419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            49369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            49762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            50927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             25147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             24652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             25929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             23727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             23142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             23927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             23833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            24358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            24133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            24701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            25019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            25284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            26304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1061422172500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                751503                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               388777                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  741335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  22345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  22383                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  22369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  22357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  22357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  22360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  22352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  22361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  22365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  22465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  22504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  22362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  22355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  22349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       579280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.800635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    92.238781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   155.477627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       400861     69.20%     69.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       116478     20.11%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25966      4.48%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9727      1.68%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12761      2.20%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2186      0.38%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1718      0.30%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1421      0.25%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8162      1.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       579280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.827241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     25.602490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    108.502201                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         22311     99.83%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           31      0.14%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.392769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.367263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.929314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             6580     29.44%     29.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              808      3.62%     33.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            14572     65.20%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              381      1.70%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                8      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  11023843500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             25085256000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3749710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     14699.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33449.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        45.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        23.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     45.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     23.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   355668                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  203705                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                52.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     930843.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2155688640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1176219000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              2880313800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1250879760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          69328933440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         226192465305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         438457351500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           741441851445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            698.515956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 728048916000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   35444240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  297959849000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2223668160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1213311000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              2969233800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1267967520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          69328933440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         229294731915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         435736065000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           742033910835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            699.073738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 723490350500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   35444240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  302518414500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2122909855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688907                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892952                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840558                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245127                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985459                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946750                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038709                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2122909855                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349070     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946750     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038709      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2042575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2042.202335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293940844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2044623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            143.762857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3523770500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2042.202335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          610                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594015557                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594015557                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224491119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224491119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69449725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69449725                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293940844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293940844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293940844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293940844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1439254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1439254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       588985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       588985                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2028239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2028239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2044623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2044623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  49185210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49185210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30729004000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30729004000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  79914214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79914214000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  79914214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79914214000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038710                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008409                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008409                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34174.099916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34174.099916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52172.812550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52172.812550                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39400.787580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39400.787580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39085.060669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39085.060669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       232608                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5503                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    42.269308                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       948242                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            948242                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1439254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1439254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       588985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       588985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2028239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2028239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2044623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2044623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47745956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47745956000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30140019000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30140019000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1282234964                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1282234964                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  77885975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  77885975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  79168209964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  79168209964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008409                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008409                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33174.099916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33174.099916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51172.812550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51172.812550                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78261.411377                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78261.411377                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38400.787580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38400.787580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38720.199256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38720.199256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                11                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           675.850218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          691546.145875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   675.850218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.330005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.330005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          983                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.479980                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2749592446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2749592446                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396869                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            994                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           994                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78310500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78310500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78310500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78310500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     78310500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78310500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78783.199195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78783.199195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78783.199195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78783.199195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78783.199195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78783.199195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                11                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77316500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77316500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77316500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77316500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77783.199195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77783.199195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77783.199195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77783.199195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77783.199195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77783.199195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    757257                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15645.536365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2657719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    773172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.437423                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              133424907500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7491.043558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.888896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       8150.603911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.457217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.497473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.954928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         15915                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        15855                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.971375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5450359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5450359                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       948242                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           948242                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           11                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               11                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             280565                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                280565                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1013548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1013548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1294113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1294114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1294113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1294114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           308420                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              308420                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           993                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              993                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       442090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          442090                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              750510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 751503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                993                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             750510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                751503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26310608000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   26310608000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75813500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     75813500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36202405000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  36202405000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      75813500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   62513013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      62588826500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75813500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  62513013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     62588826500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       948242                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       948242                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           11                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         588985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            588985                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            994                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1455638                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1455638                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2044623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2045617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2044623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2045617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.523647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.523647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998994                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998994                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.303709                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.303709                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.367065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.367065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85307.723235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85307.723235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76347.935549                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76347.935549                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81889.219390                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81889.219390                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76347.935549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83294.044050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83284.865796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76347.935549                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83294.044050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83284.865796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               388777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    388777                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        68092                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         68092                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       308420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         308420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          993                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       442090                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       442090                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         750510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            751503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        750510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           751503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23226408000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23226408000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65883500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65883500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31781505000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31781505000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65883500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55007913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55073796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65883500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  55007913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55073796500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.523647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.303709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.367065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.367065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75307.723235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75307.723235                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66347.935549                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66347.935549                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71889.219390                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71889.219390                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66347.935549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73294.044050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73284.865796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66347.935549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73294.044050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73284.865796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             443083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       388777                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           345397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            308420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           308420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        443083                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2237180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      2237180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2237180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     72977920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     72977920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                72977920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1485677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1485677    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1485677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3048751000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4066029750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4088203                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2042586                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          91175                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        91175                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1456632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1337019                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           11                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1462812                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           588985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          588985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1455638                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6131820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               6133819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    191543360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              191607680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          757257                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2802874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.032529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.177402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                2711698     96.75%     96.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  91176      3.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2802874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2992354500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3066934500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
