
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001078                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1078394500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 1078394500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 495505                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   901620                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1068677330                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 823068                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      500000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        909808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           30208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          131328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             161536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        30208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         30208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             2052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                2524                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst           28012012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          121781037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             149793049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      28012012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         28012012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst          28012012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         121781037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            149793049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        2524                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      2524                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 161536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  161536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    1077726500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  2524                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    2524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    257.431310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   209.823501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.432666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          105     16.77%     16.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          201     32.11%     48.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          162     25.88%     74.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          108     17.25%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      5.27%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.48%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      1.12%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.32%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     19679500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                67004500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   12620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7796.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26546.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       149.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    149.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     1895                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     426991.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    75.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  1920240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  1047750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 9773400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy             70181280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            617227920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            103421250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy              803571840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            747.683438                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    168540750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      35880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     870341750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                  2812320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  1534500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 9867000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy             70181280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            624770730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             96813000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy              805978830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            749.913427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    159566750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      35880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     881464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                          2156789                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                      500000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                        909808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                899832                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   9547                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10214                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        82900                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                       899832                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          9547                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             1782063                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes             722202                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                14489                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                7995                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               548173                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              305725                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        191117                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      116946                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      74171                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    2156789                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                            103951                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2684      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    706819     77.69%     77.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1746      0.19%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        28      0.00%     78.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    7414      0.81%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   116946     12.85%     91.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   74171      8.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                     909808                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              1028                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           773.793757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              189107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              2052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             92.157407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         669207500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   773.793757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.755658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.755658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            766688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           766688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       116650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          116650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data        72457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          72457                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data        189107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           189107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data       189107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          189107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1716                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         2052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          2052                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     26548500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     26548500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    135685500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135685500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    162234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    162234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    162234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    162234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       116986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data        74173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74173                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       191159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       191159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       191159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       191159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79013.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79013.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79070.804196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79070.804196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79061.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79061.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79061.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79061.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     26212500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26212500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    133969500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133969500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    160182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160182000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    160182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160182000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023135                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010735                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010735                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78013.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78013.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78070.804196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78070.804196                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78061.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78061.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78061.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78061.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           452.847274                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              690205                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1456.128692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   452.847274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.442234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.442234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.458984                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           2763190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          2763190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       690205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          690205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        690205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           690205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       690205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          690205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           474                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36871500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36871500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36871500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     36871500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36871500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     36871500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       690679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       690679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       690679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       690679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       690679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       690679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77787.974684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77787.974684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77787.974684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77787.974684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77787.974684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77787.974684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36397500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36397500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36397500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     36397500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36397500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76787.974684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76787.974684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76787.974684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76787.974684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76787.974684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76787.974684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                       102                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                   817.217566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                         194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      1645                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.117933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      221.788964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        399.385021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        196.043581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.027074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.048753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.023931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.099758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          1543                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          452                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.188354                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                      6918                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                     6918                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          967                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total              967                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                        2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                       2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             1716                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1716                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           472                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              472                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             336                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   2524                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                472                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               2052                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  2524                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    131395500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     131395500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35664500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35664500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     25708500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     25708500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      35664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     157104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        192768500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     35664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    157104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       192768500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          967                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          967                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           1716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          474                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            474                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data          336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           336                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data              2052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 2526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data             2052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                2526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data             1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995781                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.995781                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.995781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.995781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76570.804196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76570.804196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75560.381356                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75560.381356                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76513.392857                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76513.392857                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75560.381356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76561.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76374.207607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75560.381356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76561.403509                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76374.207607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          472                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          472                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          336                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          336                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           2052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              2524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          2052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             2524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    114235500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114235500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30944500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30944500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     22348500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22348500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30944500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    136584000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167528500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30944500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    136584000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167528500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.995781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66570.804196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66570.804196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65560.381356                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65560.381356                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66513.392857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66513.392857                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65560.381356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66561.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66374.207607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65560.381356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66561.403509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66374.207607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         5050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   5050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       161536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       161536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  161536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              2526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    2526    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                2526                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2545500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           13426500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         3558                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1032                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            102                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          102                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp               810                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          967                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          336                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5131                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  6083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        30592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       193216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 223808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             102                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             2628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.039193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.194092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   2525     96.08%     96.08% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    103      3.92%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               2628                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            2750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            711000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           3078000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
