
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.206666                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3206666458500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3206666458500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 339727                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   595415                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2178783426                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1471.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           35992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       169553832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          169589824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        35992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         35992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19234968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19234968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             4499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         21194229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21198728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2404371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2404371                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              11224                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           52875419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              52886643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         11224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            11224                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5998431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5998431                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5998431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             11224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          52875419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             58885074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21198728                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2404371                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21198728                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2404371                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1349341184                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 7377408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                97819904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               169589824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             19234968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                 115272                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                875915                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     18759029                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1306277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1291712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1282746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1629951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1359172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1266748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1384389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1253933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1257875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1261978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1274166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1301871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1297788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1309667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1306442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1298741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             85377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             85403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             84801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            219763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            117623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             76541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            123881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             78273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             76906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             77585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            78262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            83967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            84617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            85972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            84953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            84512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  3206659892500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              21198728                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              2404371                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                21083433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  10455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  11842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  94086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  94146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  94145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  94133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  94130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      7061409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    204.939423                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.061209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.039925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2580524     36.54%     36.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       710532     10.06%     46.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3300600     46.74%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       180185      2.55%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        47135      0.67%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        39727      0.56%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        46280      0.66%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21640      0.31%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       134786      1.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      7061409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     223.984479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    126.180914                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    266.430834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         71423     75.88%     75.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         8556      9.09%     84.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         8059      8.56%     93.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         4166      4.43%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279         1563      1.66%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535          316      0.34%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           26      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            9      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.237674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.225888                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.637288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            82282     87.41%     87.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1383      1.47%     88.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            10404     11.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               59      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 209105935750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            604420735750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               105417280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9918.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28668.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       420.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        30.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     52.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14622903                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  927580                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                60.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     135857.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              27653996160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              15088986000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             84044438400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5648369760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         209443824720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1751088061260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         387957501750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           2480925178050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            773.677427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 634519103000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  107077620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2465069392000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25730255880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              14039326125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             80406518400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4255895520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         209443824720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1672239086595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         457123260750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           2463238167990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            768.161730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 749757359250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  107077620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2349831122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       6413332917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 6413332917                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          64777115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999093                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           229311677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          64777243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.540004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          57727500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.999093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         358866163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        358866163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1977951692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1977951692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30139327000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30139327000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 271497777500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 271497777500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 2008091019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2008091019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 2008091019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2008091019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39831.256580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39831.256580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14748.182615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14748.182615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20764.065552                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20764.065552                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38839.809584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38839.809584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38839.809584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38839.809584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     35323244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          35323244                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1928293412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1928293412000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28095731000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28095731000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 258422410500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 258422410500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1956389143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1956389143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1956389143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1956389143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38831.256580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38831.256580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13748.182615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13748.182615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19764.065552                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19764.065552                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37839.809584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37839.809584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37839.809584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37839.809584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1739576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2463.436024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           675575798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1742136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            387.785912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2463.436024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.601425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.601425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2560                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         679060070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        679060070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    675575798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       675575798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     675575798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        675575798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    675575798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       675575798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1742136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1742136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1742136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1742136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1742136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1742136                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22943840500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22943840500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22943840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  22943840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  22943840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  22943840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13169.947983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13169.947983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13169.947983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13169.947983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13169.947983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13169.947983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1739576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1739576                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1742136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1742136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1742136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1742136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1742136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1742136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21201704500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21201704500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21201704500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21201704500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  21201704500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21201704500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12169.947983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12169.947983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12169.947983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12169.947983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12169.947983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12169.947983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21184382                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32444.487593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    96622960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21217126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.554008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              595555991500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7645.859068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         32.239397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      24766.389128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.233333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.755810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 169372159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                169372159                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     35323244                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         35323244                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1739576                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          1739576                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1995495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1995495                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1737637                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            1737637                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       30072271                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          30072271                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data       11515248                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total          11515248                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst               1737637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              32067766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 33805403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst              1737637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             32067766                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                33805403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            48101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               48101                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          4499                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             4499                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     19586009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19586009                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1560119                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1560119                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                4499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            19634110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               19638609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               4499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           19634110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              19638609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4076663500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4076663500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343312000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    343312000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1538006267000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1538006267000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 117899256000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 117899256000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     343312000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1542082930500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1542426242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    343312000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1542082930500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1542426242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     35323244                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     35323244                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1739576                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1739576                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1742136                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        1742136                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           1742136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             53444012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          1742136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         51701876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            53444012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.023537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023537                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002582                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002582                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.394416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.394416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119317                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.119317                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.002582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.379756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.367461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.002582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.379756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.367461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84752.156920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84752.156920                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76308.513003                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76308.513003                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78525.761272                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78525.761272                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75570.681467                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75570.681467                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76308.513003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78541.015126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78540.503683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76308.513003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78541.015126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78540.503683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2404371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2404371                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        74890                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         74890                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          48101                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4499                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         4499                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19586009                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19586009                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1560119                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1560119                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           4499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       19634110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          19638609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          4499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      19634110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         19638609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3595653500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3595653500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    298322000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    298322000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1342146177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1342146177000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 102298066000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102298066000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    298322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1345741830500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346040152500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    298322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1345741830500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1346040152500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.394416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119317                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119317                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.367461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.379756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.367461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74752.156920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74752.156920                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66308.513003                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66308.513003                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68525.761272                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68525.761272                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65570.681467                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65570.681467                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66308.513003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68541.015126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68540.503683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66308.513003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68541.015126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68540.503683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           19590508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2404371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         18759029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1608220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1608220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      19590508                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     63560856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     63560856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               63560856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    188824792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    188824792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               188824792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          42362128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                42362128    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            42362128                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         44792425000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        50092234250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    133036070                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     66516691                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          95872                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        95872                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          51400416                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     37727615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1739576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        48233882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1742136                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     49658280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5223848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    194331601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             199555449                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     27853696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    696200960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              724054656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        21184382                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         87703761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               87607889     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  95872      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           87703761                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        85049445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1742136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       58239559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
