
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.091838                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1091837661500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1091837661500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37593                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    54919                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               82090164                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 831104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13300.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           57856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        36067040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           36124896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        57856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         57856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     17860288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        17860288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          1127095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1128903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        558134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             558134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              52990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           33033336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              33086325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         52990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            52990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        16358007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             16358007                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        16358007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             52990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          33033336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             49444332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1128903                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     558134                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1128903                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   558134                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               72197376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   52416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                30447168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                36124896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             17860288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    819                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                 82368                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       536327                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             73241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             71572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             71432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             68735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             67655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             67641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             70334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             68843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             66338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             66431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            70343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            71250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            73336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            73034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            73338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            74561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             30568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             30116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             31059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             28984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             28519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             27992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             29640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             29323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             28468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             28569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            29764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            29555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            30372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            30485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            30783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            31540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1091835012500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5               1128903                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5               558134                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1111700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  17895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  19125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  27395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  27390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  27399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  27416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  27544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  27634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  27395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  27396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  27385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  27385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       764595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    134.246863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    95.218463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.513775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       518635     67.83%     67.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       152977     20.01%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        36885      4.82%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14945      1.95%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17255      2.26%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3862      0.51%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         4525      0.59%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2320      0.30%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13191      1.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       764595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      41.191857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     30.090417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    208.692486                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         27286     99.64%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           55      0.20%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           29      0.11%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            6      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            2      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         27385                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.372175                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.346321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.935996                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8254     30.14%     30.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1220      4.45%     34.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            17383     63.48%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              521      1.90%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         27385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  14927817500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             36079392500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5640420000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     13232.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                31982.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        66.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        27.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     33.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     16.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   604825                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  234400                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 53.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                49.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     647190.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               2854716480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1557633000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              4363725600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             1530582480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          71313334560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         276091865010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         412915116750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           770626973880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            705.809044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 685224863250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   36458760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  370151329250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               2925621720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1596321375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              4435321800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             1552193280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          71313334560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         277933063050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         411300030750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           771055886535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            706.201880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 682509690500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   36458760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  372866502000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2183675323                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    663                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453961                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770496                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688907                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           663                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743410                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892952                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1009                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 429                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840558                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245127                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985459                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946750                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038709                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2183675323                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843296                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349070     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     398      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946750     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038709      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450447                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2422516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4083.850258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           293558860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2426612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            120.974783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3710081500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4083.850258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2846                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         594397556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        594397556                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224231682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224231682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     69327178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       69327178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     293558860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        293558860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    293558860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       293558860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1698695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1698695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       711533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       711533                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2410228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2410228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2426612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2426612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  67732844500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  67732844500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  42994775500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  42994775500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 110727620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 110727620000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 110727620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 110727620000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     70038711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    295969088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    295969088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    295985472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    295985472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39873.458449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39873.458449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60425.553699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60425.553699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45940.724280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45940.724280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45630.541677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45630.541677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1108101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1108101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1698695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1698695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       711533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2410228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2410228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2426612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2426612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  66034149500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66034149500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  42283242500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42283242500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1235269000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1235269000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 108317392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 108317392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 109552661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 109552661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010159                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38873.458449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38873.458449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59425.553699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59425.553699                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75394.836426                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75394.836426                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44940.724280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44940.724280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45146.344368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45146.344368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                59                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1165.698689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           687396054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1809                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          379986.762852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1165.698689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.284594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.284594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1750                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.427246                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1374797535                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1374797535                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    687396054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       687396054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     687396054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        687396054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    687396054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       687396054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1809                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    138755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    138755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    138755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    138755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    138755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    138755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76702.598121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76702.598121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76702.598121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76702.598121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76702.598121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76702.598121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           59                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                59                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    136946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    136946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    136946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75702.598121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75702.598121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75702.598121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75702.598121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75702.598121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75702.598121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1123923                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31305.460674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2888834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1155789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.499448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              142522608500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    14662.610179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          8.036497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      16634.813999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.447467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.507654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.955367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        31746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972473                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6718317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6718317                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1108101                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1108101                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           59                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               59                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             252831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                252831                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1046686                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1046686                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1299517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1299518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1299517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1299518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           458702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              458702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1808                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1808                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       668393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          668393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1127095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1128903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1808                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1127095                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1128903                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  38561217500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   38561217500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    134221000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    134221000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  53706597000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  53706597000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     134221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   92267814500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      92402035500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    134221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  92267814500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     92402035500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1108101                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1108101                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           59                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           59                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         711533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            711533                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1809                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1809                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1715079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1715079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           2426612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2428421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          2426612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2428421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.644667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.644667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999447                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.999447                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.389716                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.389716                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.999447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.464473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.464871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.999447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.464473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.464871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84065.945865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84065.945865                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74237.278761                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74237.278761                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80351.824451                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80351.824451                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74237.278761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81863.387292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81851.173662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74237.278761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81863.387292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81851.173662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               558134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    558134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        94375                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         94375                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       458702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         458702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1808                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1808                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       668393                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       668393                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1127095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1128903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1127095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1128903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33974197500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33974197500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    116141000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116141000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47022667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47022667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    116141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  80996864500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  81113005500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    116141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  80996864500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81113005500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.644667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.644667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.389716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.464473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.464871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.999447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.464473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.464871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74065.945865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74065.945865                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64237.278761                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64237.278761                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70351.824451                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70351.824451                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64237.278761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71863.387292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71851.173662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64237.278761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71863.387292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71851.173662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             670201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       558134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           536327                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            458702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           458702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        670201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3352267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      3352267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3352267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     53985184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     53985184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                53985184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           2223364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 2223364    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             2223364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3339637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3836838500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4850996                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2422575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         123837                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       123837                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1716888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1666235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           59                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1880203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           711533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          711533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1809                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1715079                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3677                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7275739                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               7279416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    113110816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              113170592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1123923                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          3552344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.034861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.183428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                3428506     96.51%     96.51% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 123838      3.49%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            3552344                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2979578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1809000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2426612000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
