
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.385456                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4385456184500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4385456184500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 521785                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   914495                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4576533188                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 827952                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   958.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst         1654912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       170445976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          172100888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1654912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1654912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     19330888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        19330888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst           206864                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         21305747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            21512611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       2416361                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            2416361                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             377364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           38866191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              39243554                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        377364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           377364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4407954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4407954                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4407954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            377364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          38866191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             43651508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    21512611                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    2416361                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  21512611                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  2416361                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1369258048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 7549056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                98642432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               172100888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             19330888                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                 117954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                875048                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     19063471                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1308503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1461233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1405144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1630761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1359255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1270003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1385550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1254517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1259816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1262426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1281301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1302116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1297868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1310226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1306436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1299502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             85401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             91384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             87497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            220412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            117699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             77044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            124374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             78418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             77246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             77680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            79535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            84107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            84699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            86110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            84985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            84697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  4385449618500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              21512611                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              2416361                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                21394634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  13650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  94518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  94583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  94574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  94571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  94576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  94570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  94576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  94578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  94594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  94573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  94583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  94578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  94569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  94570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  94568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  94566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      7238019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    202.804176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.633702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.719185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2677363     36.99%     36.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       749286     10.35%     47.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3324570     45.93%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       213289      2.95%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        42188      0.58%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        37233      0.51%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        37308      0.52%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21687      0.30%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       135095      1.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      7238019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        94566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     226.239864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    127.407367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    268.760280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         71596     75.71%     75.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         8741      9.24%     84.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         7891      8.34%     93.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         4264      4.51%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279         1633      1.73%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535          395      0.42%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           22      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           12      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         94566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        94566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.298543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.283989                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.707952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            80062     84.66%     84.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              843      0.89%     85.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            13595     14.38%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               65      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         94566                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 212765816500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            613915635250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               106973285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9944.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28694.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       312.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        22.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     39.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 14767884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  930042                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 69.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                60.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     183269.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    68.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              28793310840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              15710635875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             86384734800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             5716843920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         286436248800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1891464600645                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         972090434250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3286596809130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            749.432082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1605462430750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  146439800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2633547630500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25926112800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              14146192500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             80493589800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4270702320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         286436248800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1802992506930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1049697525750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3263962878900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            744.270942                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1734749091000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  146439800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2504260956500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       8770912369                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 8770912369                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          64777115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           229311677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          64777243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.540004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          57877500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.999336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         358866163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        358866163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1985732186500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1985732186500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30157936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30157936000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 271907084000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 271907084000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 2015890122500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2015890122500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 2015890122500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2015890122500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39987.937289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39987.937289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14757.288623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14757.288623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20795.369185                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20795.369185                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38990.657177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38990.657177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38990.657177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38990.657177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     35298637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          35298637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1936073906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1936073906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28114340000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28114340000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 258831717000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 258831717000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1964188246500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964188246500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1964188246500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1964188246500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 38987.937289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38987.937289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13757.288623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13757.288623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19795.369185                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19795.369185                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37990.657177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37990.657177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37990.657177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37990.657177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          98155782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           579162024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          98155910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              5.900429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          46211500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         775473844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        775473844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1289938930500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1289938930500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1289938930500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1289938930500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1289938930500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1289938930500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13141.734721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13141.734721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13141.734721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13141.734721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13141.734721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13141.734721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191783020500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191783020500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191783020500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191783020500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1191783020500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1191783020500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12141.734721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12141.734721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12141.734721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12141.734721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12141.734721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12141.734721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  21596947                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32167.890517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   289025544                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  21629691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     13.362444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              1634845980500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11408.476757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        361.410385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      20398.003375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.348159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.622498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32744                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18558                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999268                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 362614704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                362614704                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     35298637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         35298637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1995379                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1995379                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        97949046                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           97949046                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       29963331                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          29963331                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data       11512786                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total          11512786                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              97949046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              31958710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                129907756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             97949046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             31958710                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               129907756                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            48217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               48217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        206864                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           206864                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     19694949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        19694949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1562581                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1562581                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst              206864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            19743166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               19950030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst             206864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           19743166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              19950030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4096490500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4096490500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  16084172500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total  16084172500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1546930631500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1546930631500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 118334413500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total 118334413500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   16084172500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1551027122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1567111294500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  16084172500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1551027122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1567111294500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     35298637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     35298637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            149857786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         98155910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         51701876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           149857786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.023594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023594                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002108                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002108                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.396610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.396610                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119506                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.119506                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.002108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.381866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.133126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.002108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.381866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.133126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84959.464504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84959.464504                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77752.400128                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77752.400128                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78544.536038                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78544.536038                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75730.098792                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75730.098792                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77752.400128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78560.202654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78551.826463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77752.400128                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78560.202654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78551.826463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              2416361                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   2416361                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        89721                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         89721                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        48217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          48217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       206864                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total       206864                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     19694949                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     19694949                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1562581                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1562581                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         206864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       19743166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          19950030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        206864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      19743166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         19950030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3614320500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3614320500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14015532500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14015532500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1349981141500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1349981141500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 102708603500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 102708603500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14015532500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1353595462000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1367610994500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14015532500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1353595462000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1367610994500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.396610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.119506                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119506                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.381866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.133126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.002108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.381866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.133126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74959.464504                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74959.464504                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67752.400128                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67752.400128                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68544.536038                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68544.536038                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65730.098792                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65730.098792                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67752.400128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68560.202654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68551.826463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67752.400128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68560.202654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68551.826463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           19901813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2416361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         19063471                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1610798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1610798                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      19901813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     64505054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     64505054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               64505054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    191431776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    191431776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               191431776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          42992443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                42992443    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            42992443                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         45435419000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        50834558750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    325866050                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    162932897                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         206836                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       206836                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         147814190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     37714998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     98155782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        48659064                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      98155910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     49658280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    294467602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    194331601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             488799203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1570493536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    696004104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2266497640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        21596947                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        184530100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001121                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.033461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              184323264     99.89%     99.89% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 206836      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          184530100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       229660234500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       98155910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       58239559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
