
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.176320                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2176319568500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2176319568500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 504327                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   736772                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2195152555                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 830096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   991.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          553808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        34514000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           35067808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       553808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        553808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     13852512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        13852512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            69226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4314250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4383476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1731564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1731564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             254470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           15858884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16113354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        254470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           254470                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6365109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6365109                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6365109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            254470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          15858884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             22478464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4383476                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1731564                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4383476                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1731564                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              280439872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  102592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71406464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                35067808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             13852512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                615807                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2619052                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            273004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            279979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            319692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            267257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            264167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            268031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            285314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            277803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            253800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            252605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           264365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           274268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           272505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           267764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           274069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           287250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             70734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             68428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             69478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             66209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             65493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             65466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             69260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             68686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             69202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            70074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            68662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            69886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            79645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2176314080500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               4383476                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1731564                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4365484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    8191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  28966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  33057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  64669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65843                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65787                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  66370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  66545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  66027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2379668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    147.855220                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.601751                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.574784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1571060     66.02%     66.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       472294     19.85%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       123660      5.20%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        64257      2.70%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        42068      1.77%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        18008      0.76%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11109      0.47%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10444      0.44%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        66768      2.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2379668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      66.281233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     40.629114                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    896.673264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        65753     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            6      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::212992-221183            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.965604                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.936431                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.998030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            32622     49.60%     49.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             4053      6.16%     55.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            27847     42.34%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1213      1.84%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               29      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  50941096750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            133101215500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                21909365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11625.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30375.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       128.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        32.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      23.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2694384                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  423547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 61.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                37.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     355895.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               9028310760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4926161625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             17434926600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3531664800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         142146588480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         698680173870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         692914309500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1568662135635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            720.786718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1148223907000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   72672080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  955423451750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               8961979320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4889968875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             16743682800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3698239680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         142146588480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         683638950600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         706108356750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1566187766505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            719.649771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1170244963500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   72672080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  933402381500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37843290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37843290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2243222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             33071034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                33057643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.959508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  726482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4352639137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4352639137                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 33784125                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      2243222                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           5790839                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4090.286810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           290190559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           5794935                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             50.076586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4048198500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4090.286810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          593                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         301780429                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        301780429                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    221720970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       221720970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     64385104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       64385104                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      4084485                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      4084485                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     286106074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        286106074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    286106074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       286106074                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      4209425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4209425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1254363                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1254363                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       314763                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       314763                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      5463788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5463788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      5480172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5480172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 252640948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 252640948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 100248636500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 100248636500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22320132000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  22320132000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 352889584500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 352889584500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 352889584500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 352889584500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019110                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071549                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.071549                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60017.923588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60017.923588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79919.956584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79919.956584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70910.913926                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70910.913926                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64586.983335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64586.983335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64393.888458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64393.888458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2601311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2601311                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      4209425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4209425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1254363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1254363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       314763                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       314763                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      5463788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      5463788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      5480172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      5480172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 248431523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 248431523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  98994273500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  98994273500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1253327000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1253327000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22005369000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22005369000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 347425796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 347425796500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 348679123500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 348679123500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019110                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019110                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.071549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.018794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59017.923588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59017.923588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78919.956584                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78919.956584                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76497.009277                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76497.009277                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69910.913926                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69910.913926                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63586.983335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63586.983335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63625.580274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63625.580274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          68245069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           619152663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          68245197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              9.072472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          77336500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         755643057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        755643057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    619152663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       619152663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     619152663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        619152663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    619152663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       619152663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      68245197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      68245197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 891750718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 891750718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 891750718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 891750718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 891750718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 891750718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13066.864149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13066.864149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13066.864149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13066.864149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13066.864149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13066.864149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     68245069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          68245069                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     68245197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 823505521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 823505521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 823505521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 823505521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 823505521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 823505521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12066.864149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12066.864149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12066.864149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12066.864149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12066.864149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12066.864149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4462307                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31938.845907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   141666298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4493563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     31.526496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              213135742500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8708.004967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        797.053671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      22433.787269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.265747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.024324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.684625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         31256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.953857                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 154138729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                154138729                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2601311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2601311                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         68245069                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             135833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                135833                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        68175971                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           68175971                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1325584                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1325584                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data          19268                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total             19268                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              68175971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1461417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 69637388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             68175971                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1461417                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                69637388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1118530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1118530                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         69226                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            69226                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2900225                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2900225                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       295495                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          295495                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               69226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4018755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4087981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              69226                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4018755                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4087981                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  95686482500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   95686482500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5290030000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   5290030000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 229427502000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 229427502000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21330910500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21330910500                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    5290030000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  325113984500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     330404014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5290030000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 325113984500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    330404014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2601311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2601311                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     68245069                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1254363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1254363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     68245197                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       68245197                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      4225809                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       4225809                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       314763                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        314763                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          68245197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           5480172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             73725369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         68245197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          5480172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            73725369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.891712                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.891712                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001014                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.686312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.686312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.938786                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.938786                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.733326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.055449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.733326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.055449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85546.639339                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85546.639339                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76416.808713                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76416.808713                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79106.794128                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79106.794128                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72187.043774                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72187.043774                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76416.808713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80899.180094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80823.275475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76416.808713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80899.180094                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80823.275475                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1731564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1731564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       347049                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        347049                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1118530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1118530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        69226                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        69226                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2900225                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2900225                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       295495                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       295495                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          69226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4018755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4087981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         69226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4018755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4087981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  84501182500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84501182500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4597770000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4597770000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 200425252000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 200425252000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18375960500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18375960500                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4597770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 284926434500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 289524204500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   4597770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 284926434500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 289524204500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.891712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.686312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.686312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.938786                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938786                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.733326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.055449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.733326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.055449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75546.639339                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75546.639339                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66416.808713                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66416.808713                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69106.794128                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69106.794128                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62187.043774                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62187.043774                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66416.808713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70899.180094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70823.275475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66416.808713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70899.180094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70823.275475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            2969451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1731564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2619052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1414025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1414025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       2969451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13117568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     13117568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13117568                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     48920320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     48920320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48920320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8734092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8734092    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8734092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10465659500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10434388500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    148076040                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     74035908                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         458740                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       458740                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          72471006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4332875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     68245069                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         5920271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1254363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1254363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      68245197                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      4225809                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       314763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       314763                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    204735463                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17380709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             222116172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1091922128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     64651864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1156573992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4462307                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         78502439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.005844                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.076220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               78043699     99.42%     99.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 458740      0.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           78502439                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       109461210000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       68245197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5637553500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
