
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.754660                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1754660397500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1754660397500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  66533                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   116608                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              233486812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 823840                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7515.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       501925120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          501968576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     79379328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        79379328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              679                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          7842580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             7843259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1240302                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1240302                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              24766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          286052572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             286077338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         24766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            24766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        45239140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             45239140                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        45239140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             24766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         286052572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            331316479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     7843259                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1240302                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   7843259                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1240302                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              501176640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  791936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                79377984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               501968576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             79379328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  12374                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      6598146                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            501905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            491874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            485599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            486687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            476246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            478356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            478971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            477038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            484407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            481281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           489239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           496698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           496270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           503122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           502496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           500696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             79637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             79533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             79020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             80109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             76801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             73581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             77292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             74088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             75045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             73625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            74426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            78190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            79744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            80099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            79296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            79795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1754643412500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               7843259                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1240302                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 7830885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  26837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  73721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  74115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  74064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  74043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  74047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  74076                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  74085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  74053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  74185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  74115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  74635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  74457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  74046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  74074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  74038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  74035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6721177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     86.376928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    72.205303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   111.462616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      6013327     89.47%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       515210      7.67%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        56318      0.84%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        22903      0.34%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14853      0.22%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15434      0.23%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        15211      0.23%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         8980      0.13%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        58941      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6721177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        74035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     105.772662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     47.296073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    205.121740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         65831     88.92%     88.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         3350      4.52%     93.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767         2754      3.72%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023         1446      1.95%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279          452      0.61%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535          160      0.22%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           32      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            9      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         74035                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        74035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.752631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.724084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.989228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            46393     62.66%     62.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              791      1.07%     63.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            25647     34.64%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1181      1.60%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               22      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         74035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 176452424500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            323281518250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                39154425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22532.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41282.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       285.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        45.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    286.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     45.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1619398                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  730591                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 20.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                58.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     193166.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              25130982240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              13712341500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             30238072800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             4017995280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         114605521680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         931675973355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         235533399750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1354914286605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            772.182710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 386342181750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   58591780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1309721094500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              25681115880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              14012513625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             30842830200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             4019025600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         114605521680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         932054779395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         235201113750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1356416900130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            773.039069                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 385544246750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   58591780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1310519029500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3509320795                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3509320795                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12496751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1023.847180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           281285958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12497775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             22.506883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         669625500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1023.847180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1187632707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1187632707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    209215641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       209215641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72070317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72070317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     281285958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        281285958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    281285958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       281285958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12083484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12083484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       414291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       414291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12497775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12497775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 774663985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 774663985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21349101000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21349101000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 796013086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 796013086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 796013086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 796013086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72484608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72484608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293783733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293783733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293783733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293783733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.054602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005716                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64109.323520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64109.323520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51531.655286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51531.655286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63692.384124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63692.384124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63692.384124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63692.384124                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2096081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2096081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12083484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12083484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       414291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       414291                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12497775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12497775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 762580501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 762580501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20934810000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20934810000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 783515311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 783515311000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 783515311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 783515311000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.054602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005716                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.042541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63109.323520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63109.323520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50531.655286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50531.655286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62692.384124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62692.384124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62692.384124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62692.384124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                32                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           617.796385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677317253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          994592.148311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   617.796385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.603317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.603317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          649                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          649                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.633789                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2709272417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2709272417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677317253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677317253                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677317253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677317253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677317253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677317253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           681                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79604.992658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79604.992658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79604.992658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79604.992658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79604.992658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79604.992658                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                32                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53530000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53530000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78604.992658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78604.992658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78604.992658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78604.992658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78604.992658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78604.992658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   7871756                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4092.567602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    16670154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   7875846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.116618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                2421217000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      626.940952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.807925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       3464.818725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.153062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.845903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4090                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          493                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998535                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses              102388784985                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses             102388784985                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2096081                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2096081                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           32                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               32                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             182723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                182723                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        4472472                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           4472472                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               4655195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  4655197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              4655195                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 4655197                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           231568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              231568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           679                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              679                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      7611012                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         7611012                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             7842580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                7843259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                679                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            7842580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               7843259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18394781000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   18394781000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52484500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52484500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 697494319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 697494319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      52484500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  715889100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     715941584500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52484500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 715889100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    715941584500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2096081                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2096081                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           32                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           32                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         414291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            414291                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            681                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12083484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12083484                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          12497775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12498456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         12497775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12498456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.558950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.558950                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997063                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.997063                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.629869                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.629869                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.997063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.627518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.627538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.997063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.627518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.627538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79435.764009                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79435.764009                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77296.759941                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77296.759941                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91642.782721                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91642.782721                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77296.759941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91282.345861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91281.135112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77296.759941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91282.345861                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91281.135112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1240302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1240302                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        34941                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         34941                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       231568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         231568                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          679                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          679                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7611012                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      7611012                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        7842580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           7843259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       7842580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          7843259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16079101000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16079101000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45694500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45694500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 621384199000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 621384199000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45694500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 637463300000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 637508994500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45694500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 637463300000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 637508994500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.558950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.558950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.629869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.629869                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.627518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.627538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.997063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.627518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.627538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69435.764009                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69435.764009                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67296.759941                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67296.759941                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81642.782721                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81642.782721                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67296.759941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81282.345861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81281.135112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67296.759941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81282.345861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81281.135112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7611691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1240302                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          6598146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            231568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           231568                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       7611691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     23524966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     23524966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               23524966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    581347904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    581347904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               581347904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          15681707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                15681707    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            15681707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         20651611000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        43741520750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     24995239                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12496783                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          68249                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        68249                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12084165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3336383                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           32                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        17032123                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           414291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          414291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           681                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12083484                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     37492300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              37493694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    934006784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              934052416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         7871756                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         20370212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003350                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.057786                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               20301962     99.66%     99.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  68250      0.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           20370212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        14593732500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1021500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       18746662500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
