
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.606503                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1606503058500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1606503058500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33772                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    59189                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              108508984                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14805.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       405838976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          405882176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     71101440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        71101440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6341234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6341909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1110960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1110960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              26891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          252622598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             252649488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         26891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            26891                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        44258515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             44258515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        44258515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             26891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         252622598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            296908004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6341909                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1110960                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6341909                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1110960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              405541696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  340480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71100288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               405882176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             71101440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   5320                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5213823                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            406944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            396547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            393091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            396685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            388218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            390193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            389801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            386511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            394623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            389329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           390838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           397134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           402327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           405824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           405014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           403510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             71252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             72421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             68257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             67507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             66317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             67134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             66336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            69475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            72012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            71393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1606485956500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6341909                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1110960                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6336589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  30869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  31794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5489949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     86.820840                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    72.352578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   112.067921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4913535     89.50%     89.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       407723      7.43%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53184      0.97%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        22125      0.40%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14446      0.26%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11453      0.21%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11741      0.21%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6507      0.12%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        49235      0.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5489949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      96.850060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     51.851840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    164.427805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        65322     99.84%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047          103      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.980130                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.949183                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.028342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            33655     51.44%     51.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              888      1.36%     52.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            29525     45.13%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1258      1.92%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               87      0.13%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21               12      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 142939618000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            261750661750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31682945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22557.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41307.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       252.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        44.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    252.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     44.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1393795                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  563787                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 22.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                50.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     215552.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    26.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              20609406720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11245212000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             24554322000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3595680720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         104928642000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         819483610365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         245053694250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1229470568055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            765.310854                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 402854127000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   53644500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1149999664250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              20894607720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11400827625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             24871072200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3603223440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         104928642000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         818143904025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         246228875250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1230071152260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            765.684700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 404550289750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   53644500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1148303501500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3213006117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981010                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763601                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3213006117                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420256     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285044     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10223913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.299482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           283551768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10225961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.728618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1262398500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.299482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         597781419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        597781419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 626675575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 626675575000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18911531000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18911531000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 645587106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 645587106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 645587106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 645587106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63401.647131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63401.647131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55338.135159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55338.135159                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63132.169778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63132.169778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63132.169778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63132.169778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2709120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2709120                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 616791359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 616791359000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18569786000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18569786000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 635361145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 635361145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 635361145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 635361145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62401.647131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62401.647131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54338.135159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54338.135159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62132.169778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62132.169778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62132.169778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62132.169778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           617.879802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677317270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1001948.624260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   617.879802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.301699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.301699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.319824                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354636568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354636568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53981000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53981000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53981000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53981000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53981000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79853.550296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79853.550296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79853.550296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79853.550296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79853.550296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79853.550296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78853.550296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78853.550296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78853.550296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78853.550296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78853.550296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78853.550296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6337441                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16329.696550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    13741363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6353823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.162692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                9786395000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2976.747805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.499786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      13349.448958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.181686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.814786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3575                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999878                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses               20948079248                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses              20948079248                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2709120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2709120                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             131525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                131525                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        3753202                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3753202                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3884727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3884728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3884727                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3884728                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           210220                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              210220                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6131014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6131014                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6341234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6341909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6341234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6341909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16676155500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   16676155500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52277500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52277500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 562556414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 562556414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      52277500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  579232569500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     579284847000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52277500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 579232569500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    579284847000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2709120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2709120                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             10226637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         10225961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            10226637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.615137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.615137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.620283                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.620111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.620136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.620111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.620136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79327.159642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79327.159642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77448.148148                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77448.148148                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91755.852131                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91755.852131                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77448.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91343.825114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91342.346130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77448.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91343.825114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91342.346130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1110960                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1110960                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        13637                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         13637                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       210220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         210220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6131014                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6131014                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6341234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6341909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6341234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6341909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14573955500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14573955500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45527500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45527500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 501246274000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 501246274000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45527500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 515820229500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 515865757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45527500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 515820229500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 515865757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.615137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.620136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.620111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.620136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69327.159642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69327.159642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67448.148148                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67448.148148                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81755.852131                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81755.852131                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67448.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81343.825114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81342.346130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67448.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81343.825114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81342.346130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6131689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1110960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5213823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            210220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           210220                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6131689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19008601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19008601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19008601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    476983616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    476983616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               476983616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12666692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                12666692    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12666692                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17117597000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        35359134250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     20450571                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10223934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          26295                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        26295                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9884892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3820080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12741273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9884216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30675834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              30677207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    827845184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              827889792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6337441                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16564078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16537782     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  26296      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16564078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12934426500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15338941500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
