
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.128672                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4128671755500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4128671755500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 298075                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   522415                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2461310188                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 839472                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1677.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          706000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       141410448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          142116448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       706000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        706000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     12674200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12674200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            88250                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         17676306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            17764556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1584275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1584275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             170999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           34250833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              34421833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        170999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           170999                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3069801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3069801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3069801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            170999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          34250833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             37491633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    17764556                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1584275                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  17764556                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1584275                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM             1134208960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                 2722624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                58587072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               142116448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12674200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  42541                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                668824                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs     16050184                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0           1110949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1           1179418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2           1133404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3           1197114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4           1098021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5           1076838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6           1126086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7           1070606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8           1080188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9           1075342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10          1080151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11          1095645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12          1096968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13          1103867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14          1098667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15          1098751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             55324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             61101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             55513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             95812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             62519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             49602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             65838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             49278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             49685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             49309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            49517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            52652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            54875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            55184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            54581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            54633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  4128665189500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3              17764556                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1584275                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                17722006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   8663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   9132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  56093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  56108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  56106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  56101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  56101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  56104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  56105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  56103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  56116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  56102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  56101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  56103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  56099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  56100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  56100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  56099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5707317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    208.994179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.945207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.110099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1699888     29.78%     29.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       575784     10.09%     39.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383      3177286     55.67%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511       105862      1.85%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17375      0.30%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12953      0.23%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11469      0.20%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10127      0.18%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        96573      1.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5707317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        56099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     315.903724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    143.749773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    434.593080                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         43800     78.08%     78.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023         6864     12.24%     90.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535         5012      8.93%     99.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047          178      0.32%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559          104      0.19%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           43      0.08%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583           23      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095           20      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607           12      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            9      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            6      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            9      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         56099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        56099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.317991                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.302641                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.726913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            46966     83.72%     83.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              459      0.82%     84.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             8642     15.40%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               32      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         56099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 171679258250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            503967039500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                88610075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9687.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28437.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       274.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     34.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 12490977                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  439144                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                47.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     213380.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    69.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              22128558480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              12074114250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             70141000800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3207515760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         269664448560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1648934958645                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         1030766091000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           3056916687495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            740.412488                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1704781236250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF  137865260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  2286020626250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              21018758040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11468568375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             68090716200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2724425280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         269664448560                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1572061466610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         1098198970500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           3043227353565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            737.096812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1817090350250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF  137865260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  2173711498500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                97900991                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          97900991                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           5177401                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             49713714                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                49171223                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.908770                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 5508602                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              21120                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       8257343511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 8257343511                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 54679825                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      5177401                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          64777115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           229311677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          64777243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.540004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          57877500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.999294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         358866163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        358866163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       171859727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6232196                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total     51219754                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        178091923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       178091923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      51701876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1767867797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1767867797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30038599000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30038599000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 240984708500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total 240984708500                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1797906396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1797906396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1797906396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1797906396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221518007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8275792                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total     64295121                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    229793799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35600.665126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35600.665126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14698.893030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14698.893030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18430.435528                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18430.435528                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34774.490504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34774.490504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34774.490504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34774.490504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     40639483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          40639483                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49658280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2043596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total     13075367                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     51701876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1718209517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1718209517000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27995003000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27995003000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 227909341500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 227909341500                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1746204520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746204520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1746204520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1746204520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203365                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.224992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34600.665126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34600.665126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13698.893030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13698.893030                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17430.435528                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17430.435528                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33774.490504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33774.490504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33774.490504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33774.490504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          98155782                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           579162024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          98155910                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              5.900429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          46211500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         775473844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        775473844                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       579162024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        579162024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       579162024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      98155910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      98155910                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1282059393500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1282059393500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1282059393500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1282059393500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1282059393500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1282059393500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13061.458994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13061.458994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13061.458994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13061.458994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13061.458994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13061.458994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          98155782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98155910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1183903483500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1183903483500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1183903483500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1183903483500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 1183903483500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1183903483500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.144919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12061.458994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.458994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12061.458994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.458994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12061.458994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12061.458994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  17681306                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 121484.441832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   292637523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  17811374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     16.429812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    75764.892927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        530.790434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      45188.758471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.578040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.004050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.344763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.926853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        130068                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5691                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        34417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        89193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992340                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 358796387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                358796387                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     40639483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         40639483                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         98155782                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1996560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1996560                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        98067660                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           98067660                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       33126303                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          33126303                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data       11978074                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total          11978074                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              98067660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              35122863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                133190523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             98067660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             35122863                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total               133190523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            47036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               47036                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         88250                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            88250                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data     16531977                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        16531977                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data      1097293                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total         1097293                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               88250                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            16579013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               16667263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              88250                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           16579013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              16667263                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3964753000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3964753000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6959188500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   6959188500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1295853868500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 1295853868500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  82526514000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  82526514000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    6959188500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  1299818621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1306777810000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6959188500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1299818621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1306777810000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     40639483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     40639483                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     98155782                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2043596                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       98155910                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      49658280                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data     13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total      13075367                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          98155910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          51701876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total            149857786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         98155910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         51701876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total           149857786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.023016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000899                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.000899                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.332915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.332915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083921                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.083921                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.000899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.320666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.111221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.000899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.320666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.111221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84291.882813                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84291.882813                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78857.660057                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78857.660057                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78384.688564                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78384.688564                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75209.186607                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75209.186607                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78857.660057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78401.447752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78403.863310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78857.660057                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78401.447752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78403.863310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1584275                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1584275                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        27852                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         27852                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        47036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          47036                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        88250                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        88250                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16531977                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total     16531977                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1097293                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total      1097293                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          88250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       16579013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          16667263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         88250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      16579013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         16667263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3494393000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3494393000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6076688500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6076688500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1130534098500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130534098500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  71553584000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  71553584000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6076688500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1134028491500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1140105180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6076688500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1134028491500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1140105180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.332915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083921                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083921                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.320666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.111221                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.320666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.111221                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74291.882813                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74291.882813                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68857.660057                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68857.660057                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68384.688564                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68384.688564                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65209.186607                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65209.186607                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68857.660057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68401.447752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68403.863310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68857.660057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68401.447752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68403.863310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16620227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1584275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         16050184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1144329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1144329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      16620227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     53163571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     53163571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               53163571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    154790648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    154790648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               154790648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          35399015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                35399015    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            35399015                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         37007606000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        41922031500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    325866050                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests    162932897                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          74699                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        74699                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         147814190                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     42223758                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     98155782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40234663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2043596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      98155910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     49658280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp     13075367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    294467602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    194331601                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             488799203                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1570493536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    738730872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             2309224408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        17681306                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples        180614459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.020333                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0              180539760     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  74699      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total          180614459                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       232330657500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       98155910000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       58239559500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
