
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.866299                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1866299092500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1866299092500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31936                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55971                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              119203245                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 833568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15656.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           32448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       160287600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          160320048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         32448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     18998736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        18998736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         10017975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            10020003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1187421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1187421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              17386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           85885269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              85902655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         17386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            17386                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        10179899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             10179899                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        10179899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             17386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          85885269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             96082554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    10020003                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1187421                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  10020003                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1187421                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              640807872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  472320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                55739712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               160320048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             18998736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7380                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                316456                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      8764864                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            640562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            623987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            623715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            647573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            613481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            613882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            623588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            609556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            616662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            613693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           616972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           627727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           633841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           638080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           634082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           635222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             56401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             56123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             56255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             63633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             53652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             50715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             53734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             50197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             50808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             50201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            50590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            54202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            56180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            56283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            55980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            55979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1866282734500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4              10020003                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4              1187421                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                10012622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   7937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   8935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  53016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  53380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  53382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  53380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  53378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  53378                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  53382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  53385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  53439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  53399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  53476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  53454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  53418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  53449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  53384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  53375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5222063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    133.385519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.598612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   129.760540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1519369     29.10%     29.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255      3460930     66.28%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58764      1.13%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        30314      0.58%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        51948      0.99%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11393      0.22%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11094      0.21%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10493      0.20%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67758      1.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5222063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     187.588496                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     91.636322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    261.994915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         46421     86.97%     86.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023         6374     11.94%     98.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535          384      0.72%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           97      0.18%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559           49      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           26      0.05%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583           13      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         53375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.317246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.302176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.720156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            44444     83.27%     83.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              987      1.85%     85.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             7886     14.77%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               58      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         53375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 151163885250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            338900566500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                50063115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15097.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                33847.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       343.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        29.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     85.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     10.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5225729                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  435764                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 52.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                50.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     166522.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    52.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              19652461920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              10723069500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             38971483200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             2855800800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         121897254960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         1001299789575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         241443428250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1436843288205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            769.891057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 395660096500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   62319660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1408314552250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              19826334360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              10817940375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             39126976200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             2787845040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         121897254960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         1003839114780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         239215950000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1437511415715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            770.249054                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 391591190000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   62319660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1412383458750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3732598185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313791                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882295                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981001                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882295                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076403                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386181                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464451                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654653                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505530                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221284996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478544                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3732598185                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97900991                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420275     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283432      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221284996     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478544      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          13413136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          8187.367321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           280464800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          13421328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.896948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        3221325500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8187.367321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          881                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         601193584                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        601193584                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    208994394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208994394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     71470406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71470406                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     280464800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        280464800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    280464800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       280464800                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     12407121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12407121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1014207                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1014207                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     13421328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13421328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     13421328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13421328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 846135735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 846135735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  62289828500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  62289828500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 908425563500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 908425563500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 908425563500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 908425563500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221401515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221401515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72484613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72484613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293886128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293886128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293886128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293886128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.056039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.045668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.045668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 68197.588707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68197.588707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 61417.273298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61417.273298                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67685.221872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67685.221872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67685.221872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67685.221872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3649882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3649882                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12407121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12407121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1014207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1014207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13421328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13421328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13421328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13421328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 833728614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 833728614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  61275621500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61275621500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 895004235500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 895004235500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 895004235500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 895004235500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013992                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013992                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.045668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67197.588707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67197.588707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 60417.273298                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60417.273298                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66685.221872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66685.221872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66685.221872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66685.221872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                33                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1880.328793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677315906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          333982.202170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1880.328793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.229532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.229532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.243530                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354637896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354637896                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677315906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677315906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677315906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677315906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677315906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677315906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2028                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    156394500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156394500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    156394500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156394500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    156394500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156394500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317934                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77117.603550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77117.603550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77117.603550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77117.603550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77117.603550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77117.603550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                33                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    154366500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154366500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    154366500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154366500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    154366500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154366500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76117.603550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76117.603550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76117.603550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76117.603550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76117.603550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76117.603550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  10066443                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 63435.588121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    15107646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  10131739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.491121                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    35316.778875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         14.003816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      28104.805430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.538891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.428845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.967950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         65296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          628                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        19046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        40865                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996338                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  37982471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 37982471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3649882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          3649882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           33                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               33                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             304337                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                304337                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        3099016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3099016                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3403353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3403353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3403353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3403353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           709870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              709870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2028                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2028                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      9308105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         9308105                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            10017975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               10020003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           10017975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              10020003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  56558772500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56558772500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    151324500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    151324500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 782578264000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 782578264000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     151324500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  839137036500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     839288361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    151324500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 839137036500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    839288361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3649882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3649882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           33                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           33                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        1014207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1014207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2028                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2028                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     12407121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      12407121                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          13421328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             13423356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         13421328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            13423356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.699926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.699926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.750223                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.746422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.746460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.746422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.746460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79674.831307                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79674.831307                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74617.603550                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74617.603550                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 84074.928678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84074.928678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74617.603550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83763.139407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83761.288395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74617.603550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83763.139407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83761.288395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1187421                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1187421                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       573089                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        573089                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       709870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         709870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2028                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2028                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9308105                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      9308105                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       10017975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          10020003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      10017975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         10020003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  49460072500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49460072500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131044500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131044500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 689497214000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 689497214000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131044500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 738957286500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 739088331000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    131044500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 738957286500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 739088331000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.699926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.750223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.746422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.746460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.746422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.746460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69674.831307                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69674.831307                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64617.603550                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64617.603550                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 74074.928678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74074.928678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64617.603550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73763.139407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73761.288395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64617.603550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73763.139407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73761.288395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            9310133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1187421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          8764864                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            709870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           709870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       9310133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     29992291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     29992291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               29992291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    179318784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    179318784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               179318784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          19972288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                19972288    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            19972288                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         21179473000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        24491686500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     26836525                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     13413169                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         687247                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       687247                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12409149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4837303                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           33                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        18642276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1014207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1014207                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     12407121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     40255792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              40259881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    273139360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              273172336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        10066443                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         23489799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.029257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.168527                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               22802552     97.07%     97.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 687247      2.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           23489799                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        15243220000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       13421328000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
