
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.601583                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1601583483500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1601583483500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34713                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    60840                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              111192826                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14403.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       400688320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          400731520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     70386688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        70386688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6260755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6261430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1099792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1099792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              26973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          250182600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             250209573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         26973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            26973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        43948185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             43948185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        43948185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             26973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         250182600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            294157759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6261430                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1099792                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6261430                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1099792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              400363072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  368448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                70384704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               400731520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             70386688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   5757                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5144552                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            404943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            389131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            387439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            395010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            379385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            383907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            385199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            379934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            387088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            384174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           385127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           390388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           399983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           403367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           399630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           400968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             70414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             70365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             72023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             67026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             65601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             66768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             65247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             66438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             65240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            65511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            68997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            71390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            70985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1601566381500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6261430                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1099792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6255673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  28864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  64754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5511733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.408306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.991202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   107.301680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4942455     89.67%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       415209      7.53%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        46971      0.85%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19971      0.36%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13646      0.25%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11958      0.22%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10977      0.20%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7293      0.13%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        43253      0.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5511733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      96.030748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     55.626652                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    133.873135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511         64448     98.93%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023          672      1.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           21      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.882518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.852672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.010316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            36267     55.67%     55.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1467      2.25%     57.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            26244     40.29%     98.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19             1126      1.73%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20               36      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 142722533750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            260016402500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                31278365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22814.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41564.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       249.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        43.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    250.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     43.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1345144                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  498557                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 21.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     217568.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              20689588080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11288961750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             24218594400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3556431360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         104607232080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         811560068010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         249051624000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1224972499680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            764.853778                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 409384837250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   53480180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1138712364000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              20979113400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              11446936875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             24575655000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3570019920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         104607232080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         813082373280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         247716268500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1225977599055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            765.481346                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 406809858500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   53480180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1141287342750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3203166967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981010                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763601                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3203166967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420256     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285044     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10223913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.297330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           283551768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10225961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.728618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1262398500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.297330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          606                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         597781419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        597781419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 621702942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 621702942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  18964396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18964396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 640667338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 640667338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 640667338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 640667338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62898.558874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62898.558874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55492.826523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55492.826523                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62651.064091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62651.064091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62651.064091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62651.064091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2752603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2752603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 611818726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 611818726000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18622651000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18622651000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 630441377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 630441377000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 630441377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 630441377000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61898.558874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61898.558874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54492.826523                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54492.826523                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61651.064091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61651.064091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 61651.064091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61651.064091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           617.745091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677317270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1001948.624260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   617.745091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.301633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.301633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.319824                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354636568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354636568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80139.053254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80139.053254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80139.053254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80139.053254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80139.053254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80139.053254                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79139.053254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79139.053254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79139.053254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79139.053254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79139.053254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79139.053254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6248255                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16150.479102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    13843072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6264608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.209727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              329829389000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2865.137138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          3.162887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      13282.179077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.174874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.810680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16353                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998108                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 170210913                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                170210913                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2752603                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2752603                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             133328                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                133328                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        3831878                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3831878                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3965206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3965207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3965206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3965207                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           208417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              208417                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6052338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6052338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6260755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6261430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6260755                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6261430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16710089000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   16710089000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52470500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52470500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 556757683000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 556757683000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      52470500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  573467772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     573520242500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52470500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 573467772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    573520242500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2752603                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2752603                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             10226637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         10225961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            10226637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.609861                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.609861                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.612324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.612324                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.612241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.612267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.612241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.612267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80176.228427                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80176.228427                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77734.074074                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77734.074074                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91990.513914                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91990.513914                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77734.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91597.223019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91595.728532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77734.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91597.223019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91595.728532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1099792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1099792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1061                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          1061                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       208417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         208417                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6052338                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6052338                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6260755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6261430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6260755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6261430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14625919000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14625919000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45720500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45720500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 496234303000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 496234303000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45720500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 510860222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 510905942500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45720500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 510860222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 510905942500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.609861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.612324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.612324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.612241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.612267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.612241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.612267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70176.228427                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70176.228427                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67734.074074                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67734.074074                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81990.513914                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81990.513914                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67734.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81597.223019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81595.728532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67734.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81597.223019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81595.728532                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6053013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1099792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5144552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            208417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           208417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6053013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18767204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     18767204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               18767204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    471118208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    471118208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               471118208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12505774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                12505774    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12505774                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         16912006000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        34916713500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     20450571                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10223934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           4972                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4972                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9884892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3852395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        12619772                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9884216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30675834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              30677207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    830628096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              830672704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6248255                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16474892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.017371                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16469919     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4973      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16474892                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12977909500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15338941500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
