
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.625271                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1625271308500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1625271308500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 802282                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1406101                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2607850625                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 826532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   623.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           43200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       419292416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          419335616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         43200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     71362368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        71362368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6551444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6552119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1115037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1115037                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              26580                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          257983030                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             258009610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         26580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            26580                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        43907973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             43907973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        43907973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             26580                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         257983030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            301917582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6552119                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1115037                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6552119                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1115037                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              418560576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  775040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71357952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               419335616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             71362368                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                  12110                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                    43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      5419961                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            421245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            402151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            404613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            424857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            397742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            399759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            409476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            397553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            401618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            400343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           402009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           407108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           417921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           421080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           414867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           417667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             71849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             71025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             71283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             75523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             68940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             69193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             65840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             66992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             65595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            66003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            69651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            71877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            71958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            71424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            71542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1625254920500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6552119                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1115037                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6540009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  33146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  34583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65578                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      5822951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     84.135781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.003783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   109.895784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      5300049     91.02%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       384259      6.60%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        31252      0.54%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        14096      0.24%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        10151      0.17%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9730      0.17%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12091      0.21%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9657      0.17%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        51666      0.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      5822951                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65420                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      99.969168                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     56.402166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    146.340783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         57671     88.15%     88.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511         6952     10.63%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767          435      0.66%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023          166      0.25%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           85      0.13%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           41      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           25      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           21      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65420                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.043228                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.013905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.998384                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            30814     47.10%     47.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             1395      2.13%     49.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            32786     50.12%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              419      0.64%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65420                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 149622606750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            272247775500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                32700045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22878.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                41628.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       257.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        43.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    258.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     43.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         2.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  1334258                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  497768                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 20.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                44.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     211976.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    23.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy              21945682080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy              11974330500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25407688800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3628320480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         106154780160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         845632034325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         233380069500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1248122905845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            767.947599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 383131160750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   54271360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1187868419250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy              22075827480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy              12045342375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             25604381400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3596672160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         106154780160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         844593343560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         234291201750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1248361548885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            768.094432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 384306467000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   54271360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  1186693113000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  168                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       3250542617                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     876313787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             872966684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2882231                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    11025254                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     75981010                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    872966684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2882231                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1835046968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          703076421                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4386063                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2464405                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            441654672                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           253505512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     293763601                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   221285044                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   72478557                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3250542617                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          97901002                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                939429      0.11%      0.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 578420256     66.01%     66.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   907073      0.10%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     66.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 2283386      0.26%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                221285044     25.25%     91.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                72478557      8.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  876313787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10223913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2047.307572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           283551768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10225961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.728618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1262398500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  2047.307572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          605                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         597781419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        597781419                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       211414955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72136813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        283551768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       283551768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      10225961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 645270746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 645270746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19084416000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19084416000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 664355162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 664355162000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 664355162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 664355162000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    221299171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     72478558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    293777729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65282.946670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65282.946670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55844.024053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55844.024053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64967.503983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64967.503983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64967.503983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64967.503983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2508821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2508821                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9884216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       341745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     10225961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 635386530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 635386530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18742671000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18742671000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 654129201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 654129201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 654129201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 654129201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64282.946670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64282.946670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 54844.024053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54844.024053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63967.503983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63967.503983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63967.503983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63967.503983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                21                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           618.237500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           677317270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1001948.624260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   618.237500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.301874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.301874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          655                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.319824                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1354636568                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1354636568                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       677317270                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        677317270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       677317270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           676                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     54175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    677317946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80140.532544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80140.532544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80140.532544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80140.532544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80140.532544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80140.532544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                21                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     53499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79140.532544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79140.532544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79140.532544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79140.532544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79140.532544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79140.532544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6717095                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 15988.086304                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    12660821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6733422                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.880295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              330289434500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3316.651245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          1.632869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      12669.802190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.202432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.773303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3328                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996521                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  27525737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 27525737                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2508821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          2508821                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               21                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data             132084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                132084                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        3542433                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           3542433                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                     1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               3674517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3674518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                    1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              3674517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3674518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           209661                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              209661                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              675                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      6341783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         6341783                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6551444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6552119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6551444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6552119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16843171000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   16843171000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52471500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     52471500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 583364659500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 583364659500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      52471500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  600207830500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     600260302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     52471500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 600207830500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    600260302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2508821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2508821                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           21                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            341745                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            676                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       9884216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          10225961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             10226637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         10225961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            10226637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.613501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.613501                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.998521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641607                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641607                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.998521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.640668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.640691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.998521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.640668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.640691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80335.260253                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80335.260253                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77735.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77735.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91987.483567                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91987.483567                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77735.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91614.586113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91613.156293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77735.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 91614.586113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91613.156293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1115037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1115037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks       714296                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total        714296                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       209661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         209661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          675                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6341783                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      6341783                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6551444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6552119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6551444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6552119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14746561000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14746561000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45721500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45721500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 519946829500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 519946829500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45721500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 534693390500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 534739112000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     45721500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 534693390500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 534739112000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.613501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.641607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.640668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.640691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.998521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.640668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.640691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70335.260253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70335.260253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67735.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67735.555556                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81987.483567                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81987.483567                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67735.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81614.586113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81613.156293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67735.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81614.586113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81613.156293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            6342458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1115037                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          5419961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            209661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           209661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       6342458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19639236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19639236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19639236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    490697984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    490697984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               490697984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          13087117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                13087117    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            13087117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         17554329500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        36555819500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     20450571                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     10223934                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         896393                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops       896393                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           9884892                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3623858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        13317149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          341745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      9884216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1373                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30675834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              30677207                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    815026048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              815070656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6717095                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         16943732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.052904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.223842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               16047338     94.71%     94.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 896394      5.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           16943732                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12734127500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       15338941500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
