
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.384363                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2384362824500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2384362824500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 336966                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   492274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1606899992                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 829072                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1483.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   500000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst          660176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data        35017576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           35677752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       660176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        660176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     14137072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14137072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst            82522                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          4377197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             4459719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1767134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1767134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             276877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           14686345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              14963223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        276877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           276877                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5929078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5929078                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5929078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            276877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          14686345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             20892300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     4459719                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1767134                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   4459719                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1767134                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              284944192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  477824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                71337152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                35677752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14137072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   7466                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                652468                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2659817                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            275385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            289804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            350131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            267240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            264867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            270142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            289888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            280861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            254502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            253404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           265765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           280502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           273400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           268331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           275561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           292470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             70897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             67845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             69370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             65819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             65883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             66062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             68944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             69191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             68187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             68845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            69269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            70408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            67977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            69667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            74769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            81510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2384360312500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3               4459719                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3              1767134                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 4435863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   11145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    5245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  33003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  36355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  65278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  65427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  65344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  65336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  65324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  65321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  65323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  65319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  65331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  65326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  65325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  65331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  65333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  65314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  65347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  65310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2403237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    148.250580                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.007932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.045391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1578355     65.68%     65.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255       481445     20.03%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383       128502      5.35%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        69905      2.91%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        38200      1.59%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        17917      0.75%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11125      0.46%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10413      0.43%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67375      2.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2403237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        65310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      68.169239                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     41.528577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    905.288432                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191        65299     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-16383            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-24575            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-32767            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-40959            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::204800-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         65310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        65310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.066958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.038722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.979355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            28954     44.33%     44.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17             3344      5.12%     49.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18            32705     50.08%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              301      0.46%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         65310                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  52740520250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            136220264000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                22261265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11845.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30595.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       119.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        29.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     14.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  2725357                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  438301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 61.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                39.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     382915.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    56.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               9159907680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               4997965500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             17848872600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy             3525191280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         155734803120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         748078167375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         774407224500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           1713752132055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            718.747152                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1283451917500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   79619020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  1021289315000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               9008564040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               4915387125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             16878693000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy             3697695360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         155734803120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         716509806075                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         802098761250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           1708843709970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            716.688566                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1329718156250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   79619020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  975023062500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                37843290                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          37843290                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           2243222                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             33071034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                33057643                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.959508                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  726482                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               2631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   86                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4768725649                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   500000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     730450481                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             729688887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    761                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1453959                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     31770494                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    729688887                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                           761                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          1698743312                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          621892930                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 1183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 497                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            180840590                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           276245123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     295985437                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   225946734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   70038703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4768725649                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          37843290                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                 33784125                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                      2243222                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 94739      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 434349056     59.46%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20662      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       119      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     468      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                225946734     30.93%     90.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                70038703      9.59%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  730450481                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16981273                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           127.998772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           279004093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16981401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             16.429981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          58177500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   127.998772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         312966895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        312966895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    212129277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       212129277                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     63027839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       63027839                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::cpu.data      3846977                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_hits::total      3846977                       # number of WriteLineReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     275157116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        275157116                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    275157116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       275157116                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data     13801118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13801118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2611628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2611628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_misses::total       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     16429130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16429130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 381946082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 381946082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 118351743000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 118351743000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25510261000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total  25510261000                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 500297825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 500297825000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 500297825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 500297825000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225930395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     65639467                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::cpu.data      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total      4399248                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    291569862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    291586246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039787                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125538                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total     0.125538                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.056291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.056344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27675.010242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27675.010242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45317.228564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45317.228564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46191.563562                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46191.563562                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30482.274264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30482.274264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30451.875723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30451.875723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8464931                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8464931                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     13801118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13801118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2611628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2611628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total        16384                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total       552271                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16412746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     16429130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16429130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 368144964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 368144964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 115740115000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 115740115000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1245071000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245071000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24957990000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24957990000                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 483885079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 483885079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 485130150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 485130150000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.061086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.125538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125538                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26675.010242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26675.010242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 44317.228564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44317.228564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75993.103027                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75993.103027                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45191.563562                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45191.563562                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29482.274264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29482.274264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29528.657330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29528.657330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements          73889781                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           127.999480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           613507951                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs          73889909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              8.303000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle          19211500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.999480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        5573072789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       5573072789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    613507951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       613507951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     613507951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        613507951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    613507951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       613507951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst     73889909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      73889909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst     73889909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       73889909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst     73889909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      73889909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst 966026844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 966026844000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst 966026844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 966026844000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst 966026844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 966026844000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    687397860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13073.867015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13073.867015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13073.867015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13073.867015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13073.867015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13073.867015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks     73889781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total          73889781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     73889909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     73889909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     73889909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     73889909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst     73889909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     73889909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 892136935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 892136935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 892136935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 892136935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 892136935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 892136935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.107492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12073.867015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12073.867015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12073.867015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12073.867015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12073.867015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12073.867015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   4464157                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32685.241811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                   174025480                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   4496912                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     38.698885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               49006646500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     9082.966631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        797.650592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      22804.624588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.277190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.024342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.695942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         32755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        27527                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999603                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                 189403175                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                189403175                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      8464931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          8464931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks     73889781                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total         73889781                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            1485208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1485208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst        73807387                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           73807387                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       10864109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          10864109                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::cpu.data         254887                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.InvalidateReq_hits::total            254887                       # number of InvalidateReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst              73807387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data              12349317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 86156704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst             73807387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data             12349317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                86156704                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          1126420                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             1126420                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         82522                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total            82522                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      2953393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         2953393                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::cpu.data       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_misses::total          297384                       # number of InvalidateReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst               82522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             4079813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                4162335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst              82522                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            4079813                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               4162335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  96227988500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   96227988500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6324508000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   6324508000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 234590633000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 234590633000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21453270000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_latency::total  21453270000                       # number of InvalidateReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    6324508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  330818621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     337143129500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   6324508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 330818621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    337143129500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      8464931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      8464931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks     73889781                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total     73889781                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        2611628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2611628                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst     73889909                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       73889909                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data     13817502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      13817502                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::cpu.data       552271                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.InvalidateReq_accesses::total        552271                       # number of InvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          73889909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          16429130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             90319039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         73889909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         16429130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            90319039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.431310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.431310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001117                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001117                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.213743                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.213743                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.538475                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_miss_rate::total     0.538475                       # miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.001117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.248328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.046085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.001117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.248328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.046085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 85428.160455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85428.160455                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76640.265626                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76640.265626                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79430.889489                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79430.889489                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72139.960455                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72139.960455                       # average InvalidateReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76640.265626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81086.711940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80998.557180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76640.265626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81086.711940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80998.557180                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1767134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1767134                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks        52883                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         52883                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1126420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        1126420                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        82522                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        82522                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2953393                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      2953393                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_misses::total       297384                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          82522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        4079813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           4162335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         82522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       4079813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          4162335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  84963788500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84963788500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5499288000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5499288000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 205056703000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 205056703000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18479430000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18479430000                       # number of InvalidateReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5499288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 290020491500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 295519779500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   5499288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 290020491500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 295519779500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.431310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.213743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.538475                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.InvalidateReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538475                       # mshr miss rate for InvalidateReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.046085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.046085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75428.160455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75428.160455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66640.265626                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66640.265626                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69430.889489                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69430.889489                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62139.960455                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.InvalidateReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62139.960455                       # average InvalidateReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66640.265626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71086.711940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70998.557180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66640.265626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71086.711940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70998.557180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3035915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1767134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          2659817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           1423804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          1423804                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       3035915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13346389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     13346389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               13346389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     49814824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     49814824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                49814824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           8886670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 8886670    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             8886670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         10653808500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10613856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests    181742364                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     90871054                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          90089                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        90089                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          87707411                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     10232065                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean     73889781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        11213365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2611628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2611628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      73889909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq     13817502                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq       552271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp       552271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    221669599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50944075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             272613674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1182237520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    199152488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total             1381390008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         4464157                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         95335467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030726                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               95245378     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  90089      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           95335467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       132048538000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       73889909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       16705265500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
